the only reason java is still relevant is because it is shoved down the throats of high schoolers and college students.
Time to Git gud or uninstall then change career.
Web developers have plenty of job options these days. You can tap your connections and rely on word of mouth to build a portfolio of long-term clients (this can take years), you can look for clients in highly competitive marketplaces (that always come with trade-offs), or you can simply apply for a full-time remote job. However, if you value working on exciting and diverse projects with exclusive clients that have high growth potential, you should apply to Toptal. Once you’ve passed Toptal’s screening process, you’ll enjoy the freedom and flexibility of remote work without compromising your career potential.
Curious about the cool things JavaScript can do? Build something! Try your hand at these 15 beginner-friendly projects that will help you develop your JavaScript skills.
Thanks to awesome folks from the community for adding docs! Shout out to Bhagya M. from Delhi, India 🇮🇳 for this doc on Compiling C Programs.
Looking to build your R programming skills? Flex your knowledge with these 10 code challenges for beginners.
Introducing Grammarly for Windows and Mac, our new desktop application that works where you write!.
Which email acronym do you use most often?.
What are the programming languages you learn?.
Who wants to learn JavaScript free from scratch just inbox.
Html Css javascript C# C++ Python Algorithm Artificial intelligence Machine Learning Deep Learning Computer Vision MATLAB statistics Databases SQL Assembly Networking.
Google home page design using HTML CSS.
HTML and CSS will be HTML and CSS.
Learn advanced features and techniques to start creating better Python applications.
What is the output of this code AND how it happened.
Linear Algebra cheatsheet for Machine Learning. Anyone need pdf?? Pdf Course.
Humanoid Robots, This is Just the Beginning.  · Pascal Bornet: "Humanoid robots: the progress made over the last decade is really impressive Imagine future use cases in elderly care, customer care, and more.
Machine Learning algorithms for predictions.
Machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly taking the stage, with huge philosophical implications. We have been following this issue in our RSF science blog.
Machine Learning with Python complete course.
Introduction to Perceptron in Neural Networks (Machine Learning).
Many beginners and some experienced programmers avoid learning data structures and algorithms because they believe it’s complicated and not useful in real-life applications.
Complexity theory describes how well an algorithm performs with respect to the size of the input and how it is implemented. In Layman’s term, it describes how good your algorithm is. Computers, although capable of performing impressive tasks, have their limitations. If you develop an algorithm that is so complex it current computers can’t run it, it might not be beneficial.
The imposter handbook has a chapter on complexity theory that is very simple to follow. MIT and Standford also offer free courseware to learn about complexity theory if you want more in-depth information.
Before you do that, my advice is to implement your algorithms and problem-solving skills using pseudo-code first. As we just discussed, an algorithm is a set of steps used to solve a specific problem. Pseudocode is defined as “a plain language description of the steps in any algorithm.” This means pseudocode is used to describe an algorithm's steps as a form between plain English and programming languages.
Programming is not a solely theoretical thing. I used to do the following way: reading up on some concepts and practicing them right away on my computer. You learn by doing.
Programming is a puzzle that’s made up of zillions of technologies. I recommend narrowing down your expertise to a specific niche first and then build up your way to other applications.
The intuitive C++ APIs to work over any document. Enhance the application and save your money/time.
When I just finished the third week of the professional React Developer Bootcamp at Juno College of Technology, but I started this journey of learning how to code almost two years ago.
There are sites like Pluralsight, DataCamp and Codecademy that have a lot of content and practices for a monthly fee or just continue learning from any free tutorials you find online.
One thing I can clearly say you that since I managed to Learn to program then you will also learn to program very easily. because till my higher secondary study I didn’t have any knowledge about programming and languages, but now I’m doing my IPG M.tech from IIIT Gwalior and managed to learn C, C++, JAVA, PYTHON, HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, and the list goes on.
At first, you should buy a C language book (the name of the book is ‘ let us C by Yashwant kanetkar’ it is really a very good book and also beginner-friendly .along with that you have to watch YouTube videos regarding C language. And truly speaking reading books can increase the theoretical knowledge about a language but watching various kind of videos regarding a language helps you to write programs and you can get familiar with various kind of approaches to solve a single problem, and which I think is the more important thing to learn a language. so I’ll suggest you that keep watch programming videos on YouTube as you don’t need to pay any amount for that.
after learning C language we should go for C++ as both C and C++ are very much similar kinds of language but the only major thing you’ll learn here is OBJECT-ORIENTED PROGRAMMING (OOPs). I can assure you that within 1.5 months(you have to do regular practice) you will become an expert in the C++ language.
so till now you learn C and C++, after this stage, you can easily learn JAVA within 2 months, in JAVA you have to write more lines as compared to C and C++.but java is the gateway to enter in Android development(not JAVA you can use other languages also for android development).
Learning a programming language is just the beginning. In real life, developers don’t often create their own tools from scratch. They’re usually using a pre-existing framework or library, which is a tool that someone else created out of lower-level code. The reason for this is just one of practicality. There’s a rule in software development that tells us, “don’t reinvent the wheel.”.
The core skills of web development are HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I recommend taking a few months to get good at those. You can get started at Free Code Camp. Just make an account and start going through the curriculum until you finish your certs in Responsive Web Design and JavaScript Data Structures and Algorithms. DO ALL THE PROJECTS AND CHALLENGES. Those are the hardest part, but also the most important. Don’t skip anything. There’s no cost for Free Code Camp.
This is a monster course (over 30 hours of video) and it’s where we separate the kids from the big kids in this curriculum. Learning JavaScript is one thing, but making the leap into the complexity of real application development is another.
In the course above you get a taste of MySQL, but SQL is a very important skill and worth spending more time on. There are a lot of “flavors” of SQL like MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MSSQL but if you know one, picking up any of the others is easy. MySQL is a good place to start and can be used in professional projects, too.
You will also need to learn React and Redux. Stephen Grider has a good course on those. If you want to work as a professional developer, one of the best things you can do for yourself is to learn React and learn it well. This is a core skill. Why did I have you wait this long to learn it? Because having rock solid JavaScript fundamentals and a good understanding of how Node works is essential for React developers.
Whatever you pick, it needs to have a database, users, and authentication. It needs to have a back-end in Node and SQL, and a front end built in React.
Material UI is a React styling library that will help you build professional-looking sites and apps without having to write a bunch of boilerplate CSS. As a bonus, this course also covers the basics of Next.js, which is an important library for rendering React apps on the server rather than the client.
Keep all your stuff on GitHub once you learn Git. Make your learning projects private but your finished projects public. Later, you may want to take some of the early projects back off the public list, but you want some working code initially. You can also link to these projects from your profile using GitHub pages, a free service.
Remember those algorithms and data structures? You want to keep practicing them. Those questions come up in a lot of interviews, especially at larger companies. A great place to practice those types of challenges is at Leetcode.
No matter the route you take, it doesn’t really matter as long as you practice a ton. Look through the popular languages and decide which one you want to start with. I’d go with one of the following: Java, Swift, Python, C, C++, smalltalk, PHP. It doesn’t matter that much, and before you get a job doing it you’ll probably want to have bounced around a little bit.
I don't recommend starting with a more complex language like C, but if you're worried that Java might be too simple for you then definitely try it out. Worst case scenario, you'll just have to spend a few weeks getting used to it instead of a few days. In my opinion though, the best way to get into programming is by learning Javascript and HTML simultaneously because they are both easy to learn and can produce some amazing results very quickly!.
Python tutorials by Tkinter Documentation for the Tk graphics module by Mark Roseman, which is similar to Matplotlib Plotly's tutorial shows how to make interactive plots in Python As always on edX, Harvard CS50 offers excellent online courses (in this case an Intro to Comp Sci).
They have very systematic flow, they will help you with the precoding work (installing ide, what is ide, etc), you can also take help from Google simultaneously, and gradually you will know what to do next.
Coding is a technique that is gaining popularity in the present. It's in such high demand that some high schools have incorporated programming into their courses. Coding and programming are commonly employed interchangeably, however they are distinct and you can find out more about the two here.
This is my career graph as of last year. I did thirteen different jobs before starting as a Data Analyst (highlighted in green) which was not a full programming job. But I started my way into programming. I still remember looking at the VB code and trying to figure out what “Dim” stands for.
If you want a job during on-campus placements then first focus on Data structures and algorithms and CSE fundamentals subjects(computer networks, Operating Systems, etc).
Whenever it comes to Python, everyone say that, "It is the easiest programming language" and I totally agree.
Object-Oriented Programming Language- It has the OOPS (Object-oriented programming) concepts like inheritance and polymorphism but it also supports functional programming.
Dynamically Typed Language- It simply means it decides variable type in run type, so you don't have to specify the type of variable (you will understand it better when you will start learning).
Coding Ninjas have trained more than 50k+ students and they have more than 90% Course Completion rate which means coures are so addictive that everyone completes it.
Content is designed by IIT & Stanford Alumni, who also have experience of working in companies like Facebook, Amazon.
Python is a high level language means it is easily understandable by everyone except machines (they need to convert in machine language first). Its syntax is as simple as English language in which we communicate.
TA Support- They have Teaching Assistants who will take up your query 24x7 whenever you will raise a doubt. And average time to resolve a doubt is 20 mins. They solve more than 100 doubts every hour.
the easiest way to do is to not do anything to your programs at all. Assuming that the first writes it’s output to stdout (ie uses print or sys.stdout.write) and the second uses stdin (sys.stdin.read() will work - using input might not I haven’t tested it), then you can do exactly what you need from your operating system command line without any changes.
A slightly different way to do it is to use a temporary file - let the first program write to a file and the second program reads from a file. Again the Operating system can help - in fact it can do all of the work.
If you are going to use the two programs together regularly you could integrate them. That means in your second script you write your code so that it has a clear callable interface - either a set of functions or classes. This interface doesn’t prompt for input it gets its input from function parameters that are passed. It means that instead of this code dealing with text strings from the user it is dealing with numbers, lists etc of actual Python values.
You then arrange for the first program to import the second program and maybe with a option switch you arrange for the first program to call the second one with the data, rather than formatting it as output.
If you don’t want to have the first program start the second program, then you could arrange for the second program to actively poll for output files from the first program, or use mmap and signals, or use an IPC library such as MQ. In this scenario though it is a lot more difficult for the second program to actively connect to the stdout of the first, single you have to first arrange for the first program to pass a global identifier to the first program - which means using an IPC system like shared files, or mmap and signals or IPC libraries such as MQ (and if you have already solved that problem why then try to connect to stdout).
in is a reserved word (keyword) used to test membership. Often called a membership operator.
The official documentation says, if we have x in s, this will return “True if an item of s is equal to x, else False”.
It is used to check if a value is present on a sequence or not (like lists, sets, strings, tuples, ranges). The iterables.
This AST is the compiled to The Byte codes to load the object reference onto the stack and the byte code to execute the Binary Operation. This stream of Byte codes is passed to the virtual machine.
This is because the default value for the ‘end’ argument is already ‘\n’, so the end of the string becomes ‘\n\n’ which generates results in a blank line. so this is equivalent to.
Python is clever enough to know that ‘\n’ when written to files needs to be different depending on the operating system - for example in Windows to finish a line the O/S actually writes two characters - a CR (carriage return) followed by the LF (line feed) characters (ASCII 13 followed by ASCII 10) where as in Linux and MaxOS the end of line sequence is just LF (line feed) - ASCII 10. Python has been developed to be aware of those differences, and the end of line sequence is always presented to the use as ‘\n’ regardless of the Operating system - it also means that Python code which reads or writes multi-line text files in Unix and MacOs will also work on Windows and generate the same text file output and input.
t has been a convention in Python that when you call a function using keyword arguments, that the first keyword argument must come after the last positional argument. Since positional arguments must come before keywords when calling a function, it makes sense for that to be the case when functions are defined.
In the beginning, the founders of Google made the decision of “Python where we can, C++ where we must.” This meant that C++ was used where memory control was imperative and low latency was desired. In the other facets, Python enabled for ease of maintenance and relatively fast delivery.
Netflix uses Python in a very similar manner to Spotify, relying on the language to power its data analysis on the server side. It doesn’t just stop there, however. Netflix allows their software engineers to choose what language to code in, and have noticed a large upsurge in the number of Python applications.
I was initially confused by your reference to __new__, since __new__() is nothing to do with attribute look up - it is a special method that gets invoked before __init__() and it is responsible for actually creating the object. Clearly though the reason it is relevant as to how the __new__ is found when the storage for the instance hasn’t been created.
Implicit calls for magic methods (for instance calling __len__() from then len() function) wont even use __getattribute__() mechanism - they will just simply do a direct search in the classes __dict__().
Everything you do with pointers in other languages are simply not needed in Python, for instance everything is already a reference to an object (a reference is simply a smart pointer). All objects are heap allocated - so you don’t have the difference between local and heap allocated values that you have in other languages.
Both functions and methods do the same: they may receive an input and return and output, or do some kind of task.
In Object Oriented Programming (OOP) you organize your code in objects, which have methods.
Standard implementation of Python (CPython) pre-loads (caches) a global list of integers in the range from -5 to 256. Any time an integer is referenced in this range Python does not create new one but uses the cached version. This is known as integer interning.
String interning is the method of caching particular strings in memory as they are instantiated. The idea is that, since strings in Python are immutable objects, only one instance of a particular string is needed at a time. By storing an instantiated string in memory, any future references to that same string can be directed to refer to the singleton already in existence, instead of taking up new memory.
The problem here is that you have a single directory where you install all libraries. And all your projects will look for that directory for the libraries they need. If you update one of those libraries this will affect all your projects that needed that library.
When one learns their first programming language, one must also learn to program–that is, not just the syntax of this new language, but why programmers use certain constructs and how and why they combine those constructs to solve problems.
I used link lists in an application in 1983 to create a sparse matrix of data to save memory over a three dimensional rectangular array when porting the application from big iron to the IBM PC XT so it could run in less than 384KB of memory.
I would say if you are really serious about learning Python and you are not just some fellow who is doing Python just for the sake of the ongoing trend, then it's time you first face an important question, what are you doing it for? Are you here to pursue Web Development, or you are interested in Machine Learning, you can even be interested in Data Analysis. If yes, then you have choosen the right language as it is one such basic language with versatile applications.
o I did some research and after confirming from my cousin at Airtel, and my seniors at Arcesium and American Express, I stumbled my boat at Coding Ninjas. Obviously I didn't welcomed the idea that much because it was paid course there but then I saw that Coding Ninjas was giving out Free Trial Course Scheme where I could complete 30% course for free to get the idea what the course was all about. So I immediately enrolled myself in Basics of Data Structures and Algorithms in Python under the Scheme and started my Classroom and I was amazed because of the Observations.
Web development refers to building a website , developing simple web pages , complex websites etc. for the internet or intranet.
According to a report , web development is one of the best career to choose , as the demand for the web developers is going to increase in the coming years . So choosing web development as the career option is a very good choice.
CodingNinjas: I personally like this website very much, it has great courses which are enough to make you Placement ready. They have launched many courses dedicated to Interview Preparation, for service and product based companies.
A named constant, folks, if you chose a clear, readable name, is a blessing for both yourself and the person or persons who will be required to read, understand, and maintain your code. It will be useful in documenting why that value is being used to control memory or execution of code.
Some of the similarities between software development and software engineering are that both deal with software and how it's made on the job. Software engineers take a more disciplined approach in many cases to how software is architected and designed. A good software engineer will do a proof of design correctness as a matter of course, folks. As a thing that I keep on saying is this: prove your code correct. This is one habit that I wish were common, since you can avoid so many problems if you do.
Learning anything in today’s digital world is not difficult . Everything from small to large things are available online nowadays. You can learn from anywhere . There are both sources available paid and free resources.
Now coming to question , language c and c++ are somewhat similar in syntax , codes structure , keywords etc. So you can start from anything depending on your choice.
Udemy , Coursera , Codacademy , Educative , Freecodcamp , and last but not the least Youtube.
You just need to search free C course in the search bar of these sites and many free courses will appear , you can choose from any of them. Same process applies for c++ programming.
Digitalization or digital era has made our lives so easier that we can learn anything online just by sitting at the comfort of your home . You just need a strong will to learn something and to finish the course , the one you are enrolled in.
Operating System (OS) is System Software that acts as an Interface between a computer User and Computer Hardware. It performs all the basic tasks like Resource Allocation, File Management, Memory Management, Process Management, Handling Input/Output, and Controlling Peripheral Devices such as Disk Drives and Printers. Some popular Operating Systems include Linux Operating System, Windows Operating System, OS/400, z/OS, etc..
With knowledge provided by a person with 10+ years of experience in that same industry you won't just be getting prepared for the interviews of companies such as AWS, CommVault, Adobe, which rely heavily on Operating System, you will be facing Industry Relevant Problem Statement for better preparedness to get yourself acquainted so much so that you will find your Journey through the Industry, smooth as well.
I'm assuming that you are looking for your rabbit hole, something that you can be passionate about and would be happy doing. CS has a number of specializations that you can explore. There are a number of things in common that are required by these fields of endeavor. One is that you need to be good at math. Another is that you need to be good at problem solving and thinking sideways, that is to say that you have to be creative and very logical as you do so. You also may find that you will enjoy challenges that you face intellectually.
Sometimes it can take a while for an opportunity to come up and show itself. With me, folks, it dawned on me that the niche for me was the result of finding my rabbit hole. I founded Correct Software back in 1986 with the dream of designing and writing GOOD CODE, code and products that were innovative, elegant and correct. There were a few people who shared my vision and a money man who decided that he could make money by investing in the company. We never really took off and the only advertising we had was word of mouth. The company closed its doors in 2010.
The UX design patterns below are organized by phase. Each pattern is color coded to show which part of the virality K-factor equation they impact (see above for key).
The context for this phase is that a user is in the process of making a decision to share content or to invite another user. The main challenges for this step are: a) getting a user to decide to share b) making it all the way through the invite process and c) increasing the number and frequency of invites.
Let me tell you the truth: you’ll never be perfect in DS and algorithms, and in competitive programming in general.
As a software engineer with 3 years experience, what algorithms book do you recommend me to learn basics besides Cracking the Coding interview - which would be my 2nd to go book, if I want to prepare for a FAANG + Microsoft interview?.
Competitive programming has not developed yet to the situation we see in professional sports. That’s true that most of the top-level contestants started training in much younger age, and it makes perfect sense due to several reasons. However, starting at such age definitely shouldn’t stop you from reaching some level/achievements which are considered fine or even cool - like performing good enough for stable red color in individual rankings or winning ICPC medals in case of having a good team. I don’t have any stats about it, but I believe that number of ICPC finalists who started at age 17+ is still big even nowadays.
In simple terms, consider GitHub as a web interface for using Git. GitLab, Gogs, etc. are the other websites providing the same services as GitHub, but GitLab has been gaining much popularity after Microsoft’s recent acquisition of GitHub.
Suppose you’re working your new project with 3 of your colleagues. The planning, timeline, etc for development has been made final and now you start writing code for your project. Let’s assume you would work on back-end, two colleagues would work on UI, and last one would work on interconnecting back-end and front-end. A naive approach would be that you guys would agree before that whole code would be maintained on your laptop. Thus development is centralized to your laptop.
VCS treats each file/change as a revision and coordinates work on those change among multiple people providing information like who edited or created it, when, what changes were made, etc. It also provides the ability to revert a file/change to a previous revision for allowing editors to track each other's edits, correct mistakes, and defend against vandalism and spamming. VCS can be distributed or centralized, but distributed has more advantages.
GitHub is web-based hosting service for Version Control using Git. It offers all functionalities of git as well adding many of its own. You get a much clean web UI providing great visuals and don’t need to master any CLI.
GitHub is a Git repository hosting service, which provides a web-based graphical interface. It helps every team member to work together on the project from anywhere and makes it easy for them to collaborate.
The packages can be published privately, or within the team or publicly for the open-source community. The packages can be used or reused by downloading it from the GitHub.
GitHub provides a default website address spelled by http://username.github.io. You can use it to serve any static website or personal blog. It can handle a decent amount of traffic as well. Example: Recently Posted | Shorts by Vivek Rai.
Collaborate with other developers and work with them on the same projects.
Using Git directly : Git's a command line based tool for the most part (and that's how you get really fine tuned control). To get started, you should be familiar with the push, pull, commit, fetch, clone, add, reset commads. There's always more to learn, but with these you can easily get by.
Through an IDE : If you use an IDE like Eclipse or PyCharm or Android Studio for development, it will have Git integration built in (or can be added via plugins). You just develop your project, connect it to a Git repo (on GitHub or elsewhere) and get coding. This is my preferred method - more convenient and automated. But you should still try your hands on the first, because you need to understand what's happening under the hood, and you can't always use a fancy IDE for you programming.
You use it like everybody else does. It is primarily used for source control. In this case, cloud hosted source controlGitHub is a very versatile tool to use. It’s ideal for working on projects of any size and it’s a great tool for web work flows. Firstly you can use it for publishing your work, as a versioning control system and as a collaborative tool.
t may not be the best tool for capturing the creative process or for recording ideas. A good tool for this particular function would be LayerVault or something similar to it. We’d say Git is very good for tracking code, however it’s not the best for tracking design. It can seem a little bit of a grey area when designs are needed to be translated into code or for when you need to export designs to a production setting.
It depends on the designer, however, some find the GUI a little confusing to use and opt to use its CLI instead. Some developers learnt Git by mostly using commands, which explains why the GUI isn’t always liked by them. With a little practice, the commands are not too difficult to learn. However using Commands everyday can be awkward, especially when tracking project history or resolving conflicts. Then, there are others who’ve preferred the GUI instead of commands, as the visual representation of previous commits, modified files and diffs can make better sense. As mentioned previously, it can take some getting used to.
I suggest you should focus on Git - VCS than Github - Git VCS provider. You should learn how to use Git first, having learnt about a VCS in early days will be beneficial for placements. You can install Git on your local device and maintain version of your assignments. Once you are comfortable with it may be you can setup something like Gitlab on your college hostel/lab server, where you can share codes/ebooks.
the main use of Github is to publish your open source programs, download open source programs from other people and participate in open source projects.
Machine learning is the process of enabling computer systems to perform a variety of tasks in the absence of human-provided step-by-step instructions, using analytical and statistical models. As a result, it is possible to draw several data-driven hypotheses using machine learning.
Machine learning is the process of teaching computers to learn from data in order to make choices or predictions. It is described as the branch of research that enables computers to learn without being explicitly programmed. True machine learning requires the computer to be able to learn to recognize patterns without being specifically taught to do so. It entails the use of Artificial Intelligence to enable robots to learn a task through experience without being expressly programmed for that job. In a nutshell, machines learn without human intervention.
True machine learning requires the computer to be able to learn to recognise patterns without being specifically taught to do so. It stands at the crossroads of statistics and computer science, although it may take on many distinct guises. While machine learning has a lot of overlap with those areas, it shouldn't be grouped in with them. Machine learning, for example, is a data science tool. It is also one use of infrastructure that can manage large amounts of data.
Machine learning is in high demand all around the world. It is useful forseveral professions, like data scientists, software developers, and business analysts. Traditionally, students will spend months, if not years, learning the theory and mathematics underlying machine learning. And, I won't lie, that is the best way to begin your journey. To enter the realm of Machine Learning, one must be well-equipped with mathematics and statistics. But, it is also wise to enrol in e-learning forums so that you may receie the intermediate-level training. Courses by Simplilearn, Skillslash, Edureka etc. prove to of utmost assistance under such circumstances.
The approach can be used for tasks such as spam filtering, image recognition, and natural language processing (NLP). This AI-based method has also been incorporated into other applications including self-driving cars, personal assistants, and online advertising.
Automated actions, resource planning, and smarter decisions are just a few of the benefits we are looking forward to in my industry.
AI uses big analytics, machine learnings, and serval other processes to increase the insights into a specific target audience. The data collected construct a more effective and personalized customer experience throughout all touchpoints. Ultimately, machine learnings help to eliminate human error and possible guesswork throughout the customer journey.
Other machine technologies, such as Salesforce Einstein, integrates AI technologies with Salesforce software and CRM to gather data on every user, providing predictive analysis of Salesforce customers. Einstein produces advantages in marketing, helping increase conversation rates by predicting who is more or less likely to engage with an email by the terminates of an engagement score and predictive recommendations. Salesforce Einstein is assembled into four main categories, machine learning, natural language procession, Computer visions, and automatic speech recognition.
Businesses also use Virtual reality to enhance customer costs and experience. Advertisers and marketers use VR to interact with customers and build storytelling messages and relationships. VR helps business bring their audience into a virtual storefront, merging the real-world experience with digital customizations. This is the uniqueness of introducing VR to a marketing campaign, strengthen brand awareness, interest, and completeness, merging customer requests and desires into one visual platform from the comfort and ease of a specific location.
This classifier may not be 100% accurate, but such are the limitations of machine learning.
SUPERVISED LEARNING - It can apply what has been learned in the past to new data using labeled examples to predict future events. Starting from the analysis of a known training dataset, the learning algorithm produces an inferred function to make predictions about the output values. The system is able to provide targets for any new input after sufficient training. The learning algorithm can also compare its output with the correct, intended output and find errors in order to modify the model accordingly.
Email Spam and Malware Filtering- We always receive an important mail in our inbox with the important symbol and spam emails in our spam box, and the technology behind this is Machine learning.
Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence (AI) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed. Machine learning focuses on the development of computer programs that can access data and use it to learn for themselves.
As per Wikipedia, It is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience. It is seen as a subset of artificial intelligence. Machine learning algorithms build a mathematical model based on sample data, known as "training data", in order to make predictions or decisions without being explicitly programmed to do so.
Machine learning is closely related to computational statistics, which focuses on making predictions using computers. The study of mathematical optimization delivers methods, theory and application domains to the field of machine learning. Data mining is a related field of study, focusing on exploratory data analysis through unsupervised learning. In its application across business problems, machine learning is also referred to as predictive analytics.
Ever seen the ads section of your Facebook profile? Or what items Amazon recommends you if you log in? Did you wonder how the recommendations seem to always be about such items that you have been wanting to buy? That is one example of Artificial Intelligence (AI) or Machine Learning (ML) (from my rudimentary understanding, the terms are interchangeable..
ML from what I believe is a nascent field, but growing rapidly, and finding applications in increasingly diverse areas. Companies in E-commerce, police departments, sports betting companies, etc. are increasingly hiring Machine Learning specialists to devise intelligent algorithms to enhance the predictive prowess of their systems. Some scientists had predicted that in future, machines might rule humans. Don't be surprised if that happens in this century.
Machine-learning algorithms use statistics to find patterns in massive* amounts of data. And data, here, encompasses a lot of things—numbers, words, images, clicks, what have you. If it can be digitally stored, it can be fed into a machine-learning algorithm.
There can also be the issue of surprising complexity. Computers struggle with many things humans take for granted. Humans provide estimates to other humans, it's not until coding begins that the computer applies its skepticism. In the response to the confusion scope creep arises.
Then I attempt to code it. When do they expire, at midnight, or the time they were provided? How do I expire them - do I write a job that continuously wakes up and expires old quotes? Do I wait for users to check for them and expire old quotes there while I make the user wait.
Outside systems/APIs - taken alone these can be fine, or even accelerate development. But any of the following will spike the cost if you aren't certain of them beforehand: No documentation, no existing happy users, no test sandbox. New systems do not get a free pass: Consider them as violating at least "No happy users.".
User preferences/Dashboards - things like "notification center" or other central settings management can quickly explode in complexity because of how many other, subject-to-change features they can touch. Often hidden by the word "graphs.".
Messaging - Constant Contact and MailChimp exist for a reason, spam filters and email verification are complex and murky subjects, while clients will often view this as "Email isn't hard.".
Position-based anything - GIS is an entire field dedicated to this subject, the Earth is far more complex than a 2D field of GPS coordinates, and positioning devices are inexact and unreliable.
High-reliability - It's common for a client to expect 100% uptime. It doesn't exist. Google promises the 5 9s (99.999% of the time in a year, the service is reasonably responsive), and they still sometimes miss that mark, despite spending literally billions on their software - including teams of brilliant very highly paid people walking around with pagers on alert 24hrs a day. What are the chances hiring one developer for a couple months can produce a system with similar reliability?.
Developers are also the only group where they are asked to do something which has never been done before, and tell someone else how long it will take before they even know what actually needs to be done.
If you have a clear problem and a clear solution in human or pseudo-human language, all you need is a Coder to code it in the appropriate computer language for you.
If you have a clear problem but don't have a solution, you can hire a Programmer to solve it and code it for you.
If you have a problem, but you know it's just the beginning of a huge series of problems and you cannot predict what's gonna happen next but you want to be as future-proof as possible, you need an Architect. Same if you are in the middle of that mess, having tens or hundreds of developers working on different stuffs and none of them care about the big picture.
Does not necessarily build an application. For example, a guy writing code to operate a mechanical arm in some factory is still a programmer, but not a developer or an engineer.
Decides which tech stack to use. i.e decisions such as desktop vs web application, NoSQL vs SQL database etc..
Makes business stakeholders understand what’s possible and what’s not.
A software developer is an experienced programmer who can design major components of a system successfully. A developer has a deep understanding of the language and platform they're working with.
A programmer is a person who can write code and make software, but often does this to someone else's system design and specifications. Programmers often lack some deeper knowledge of the language and platform they're working on.
A software engineer is a developer who can successfully think about the whole system from a system-wide architecture view to the more detailed component design and implementation and can see the effects of changes from one area of the system to another. They understand the engineering tradeoffs being made and can see the consequences of those tradeoffs.
The Stack Overflow bot: This person ran into an error, did a quick Google search and applied the first solution they found. The problem here is not that of copying from Stack Overflow. I think there are more solutions on Stack Overflow than any reference guide or manual. Don't get me wrong, it's a wonderful resource, if not the best. The problem is the robotic application of it without understanding the consequences. The problem is the application of it without fully understanding the context of it and whether it really applies to the current problem at hand. More often than not, I have seen people believe more of what they see on online forums than the code/system in front of them.
The I-hate-documentation: Some people believe that code documentation must be poetic and hence they lack the skill to do it, ergo not their job. In my opinion, these are the #1 foes of sustainable software. Good software is not software that provides a million cool features. Good software is one that has a few good features that are used consistently by many people and read/updated/modified by a thousand. This brand of developers who believes less in technical communication and precise and detailed documentation is the greatest weed to a company's success.
I have variables named x, flag, str, arr, etc.
Most of what I write is in one giant method.
Global variables spewed all over the place, etc.
As long as stuff works they are All right! In JavaScript the good parts by Douglas Crockford, he specifically points out that Javascript must not be used like Java. Using a new operator to create objects isn’t the JavaScript way of doing things. Writing a lot of elaborate constructs isn’t the pythonic way of doing things, but hey it works, so lets ignore all the bad practices. It works anyway!.
encounter some people at work who are stuck in a time bubble. This is a profession where stuff evolves very fast. The mark of a good programmer is to stay abreast of things. Who knows, some small tiny thing you read about can help you solve problems and get things done. For example, scalable vector graphics and icon fonts can occupy much less space and avoid unnecessary HTTP calls. If you never bothered to read about evolving technologies, you would probably be solving something very inefficiently.
I learnt the art of organizing folders and files in a project from a senior. Learn it. Watch people in GitHub do this. I mean real good people. A bad programmer has project workspaces that reeks of temp files, multiple copies, random unused directories. This is potentially a breeding ground for bugs and mindless debugging. Not taking care of naming your terminals right shows things about you. I know someone who logged into a VM and kept debugging something and changing stuff and eventually was testing it out of another VM. He spent a day and found he had a hundred terminals open. Yeah you end up looking dumb and you end up wasting a lot of time.
Bad programmers will often shoot from the hip about why certain issues are happening, without proper disciplined investigation into surgically identifying what is going wrong. They will blame other people's code, 3rd party libraries, hardware and what not else without actually pinpointing issues.
I'm going to skip over the issues that result from inexperience, because those are quickly remediable. No one was born knowing how to do this (write software, that is) and everyone writes bad code (or misuses version control, or fails to M-x delete-trailing-whitespace, or thinks Java is a good language for half a year or so) before getting to the point of reliably writing good code.
Also, most bad code isn't the result of terrible software engineers but of aggressive deadlines, poor management, and inattention to technical debt. Of course, that can create an environment in which potentially capable programmers will atrophy and become terrible over the years, and that can happen, but it's not my focus here. The point that I intend to make is that shitty code doesn't always imply bad developers. Good programmers will write bad code if they have to work to deadline.
Tepid arrogance is that of the complacent engineer who learned one, mediocre technology stack and has never felt the need to branch out. This is the Spring/Hibernate/POJO engineer who can't imagine coding in any language other than Java. He can't imagine using a database without an ORM, writing code without an IDE, or doing anything without bringing in 15 ill-conceived design patterns. These engineers aren't terribly toxic on their own-- they're -0.5x engineers rather than -10x-- but there are so many of them out there that they can dominate a company and its culture. Tepid arrogance tends to lead toward middle management in its myriad forms: architecture astronauts, "scrotum master" type roles, et cetera.
Hot arrogance is that of the "rock star" who can't work well with others, leaves scathing code reviews, and who changes APIs by the hour and doesn't bother to tell anyone because everyone else should consider themselves privileged to work with his hot-shit code. The hot arrogance pattern tends to have a manic-depressive rhythm to it: 16-hour code binges (producing buggy, undocumented code, generating a lot of technical debt but impressing middle managers by just-barely completing a lot of features) followed by 3-4 days of dead time in which the programmer is unavailable. The good news is that these engineers rarely get pulled up into management roles. The bad news is that they often end up being hard to fire on account of being the only person who understands a piece of code that the business had the bad sense to rely upon.
Quick hacks and fixes for short-term problems. Designing the right abstractions and refactoring duplicated code often require investing more of your immediate time, with bigger payouts in both maintainability and development speed in the long term for yourself and others.
Invest in learning and building tools. I've yet to meet a top engineer who didn't acquire mastery of their editor (EMACS, vi, etc), source control system, debuggers (though that's sadly going away), and programming environment. By contrast, mediocre programmers can (for example) edit code in EMACS but don't treat it like a development environment either to speed up the edit/compile/debug cycle or to reduce memory load (by off-loading knowledge of where a function is by using TAGS or some meta-search tool). Top engineers not only understand all the basic features, but usually make heavy use of the extension languages and customizability of their environment.
There are various software available that used in Civil Engineering. Civil engineering software has a range of tools which helps civil engineers in the design and construction process. This software can help in every step of the construction project including drafting & documenting, designing, visualizing & analyzing.
MS Excel is used for almost everything. Whichever profile you get into, you get to use this.
Excel: execution, surveying, planning, contracts, budgeting, designing, quality control, quantity estimation, you name it. Everyone uses MS Excel. All sort of calculation are done on it. It's easier to interpret the data or modify it as per need in Excel.
Personally, I’ve spent 20 years in Emacs. It’s extensible, so it can handle practically any language or document format that’s been invented, and it has integrations like Slime (for interactive development and debugging of Common Lisp), gdb (for debugging of C/C++), MozRepl (for interactive debugging of web apps), and tonnes more. Plus, it’s extremely extensible on-the-fly and has amazing keyboard-macro powers, so I can pretty quickly throw together a “one-shot” tool to do relatively complex tasks. Regardless of the languages I’m working in, I don’t have to learn some other tool, and I can write scripts that work in multiple contexts “together.”.
Right now, open in Emacs, I have: Emacs Lisp, Common Lisp, Perl, Bourne Again Shell, Ruby, HTML, CSS, Javascript, JSCL, Markdown, YAML, plain text, Org-Mode, LaTeX, and probably some others, as well as e-mail and IRC sessions, a couple image viewers from checking “which filename did that graphic have?”, various debugger and help buffers, directory/file access, Git source controls, and … probably some other things.
There are tonnes of others, many of them customized to fit a certain niche. Programming for Apple devices? You might want (or even be “forced” to use) XCode.
The best IDE is the one that works best for you. The job of an IDE is to help you accomplish tasks, and it’s up to you to pick the one that matches your development style best.
I mostly program in a basic text editor with syntax highlighting and I avoid tools like Visual Studio because I feel like they hide a lot of complexity and when things don’t work I have a harder time figuring out why. Thus a simple text editor works great for ME.
Wars have been fought over this. Vi, Vim, Emacs, nano, Sublime, Atom, CodeBlocks, PyCharm, Visual Studio…. each has it’s set of fans, some of which are rabid. You need to determine what you’re looking for. This can take time AND experimentation because if you’re just starting out you might not really have figured out your style yet.
The best IDEs available these days are likely IntelliJ (by JetBrains) and Visual Studio (by Microsoft). The best text editors are likely Vim, Spacemacs, Neovim, Sublime Text, Atom, Emacs, Visual Studio Code, Brackets, and Notepad++.
Since OP did not asked for a specific OS, Platform or Language, the answer is pretty obvious: Visual Studio is far best IDE ever if you compare on all aspects.
Let's start with Bash. Now throw in tmux, so that you could have multiple screens. Now you could run Vim (my favorite) or Emacs in one screen, and run a database client in another screen. Even better, you can split one of your screens, so that in one window you can have a list of tables to the left, edit a file above, and run queries below, now go to another window, split it, then make commits in one window while you have diffs in another.
But I should provide fair warning: it can take a while to come up to speed with all these things. I've used NetBeans for a while, though, and came to appreciate the features and plugins it had to offer, but since choosing to leave it behind, I've found that everything I did in NetBeans could just as easily be done by some *nix tool, and there's probably a Vim plugin for it as well.
An Integrated Development Environment abbreviated as IDE.
It is a software application that consolidates the essential tools for computer programmers, which they used in the process of software development.
For HTML/CSS/Less/JS/Python/JSON/XML/Etc. prefer Sublime Text and Textpad (For macros).
Good old LM741 is hard to beat if your not looking for extreme performance. Cheap and easy to find. LF353 is a good choice if you want a dual. Also faster than the 741 and it’s got a FET input structure if you need that sort of thing. Most of the singles have the same pin out and so do the duals. All of these may be Googled for data sheets and sample circuits. Have fun.
When using this IC chip, please note that the chip itself DOES NOT contain a ground (GND) connection. It does contain two voltage pins, one for the plus voltage (pin 7) and one for the negative voltage (pin 4). For example, +15V and -15V. Make sure you download the datasheet.
You are now good to go. Get some cheap transistors, some diodes, and some resistor and capacitor kits, and maybe a few potentiometers (we call them pots) from the web. Marlon P. Jones (MPJA) is a good choice for cheap parts.
DevOps has became the No.1 course in the market with “n” number of opportunities in the market. There are many terms of definitions for DevOps but in simple words DevOps is a combination of both development and operations to make the workflow easier.
We can see “n” number of institutes providing DevOps courses and various other platforms which show placements word and make the students join and bluff them. That’s the place where students will be cheated and thrown back with zero knowledge. so, its better for us to research each and every institute and to step into it.
Before DevOps became a reality, IT Companies developed software employing traditional methods like Waterfall Model & Agile Methodology. Let's get a brief review of what these methods are and how they function.
Although employers may define the role differently, a good working definition of a DevOps engineer is a technical professional who follows a software development strategy that integrates development and operations.
To become a DevOps engineer, you’ll need technical and interpersonal skills. This skill set can be the catalyst to breaking down the communication and operational barriers that have traditionally existed in information technology (IT) organizations — between the development and IT operations teams as well as other functional teams — resulting in slow software deployments that have put companies at risk of losing their competitive advantage.
DevOps engineers don’t just write code. They must also be able to implement automation tools and technologies throughout the software development life cycle. Additionally, these IT professionals are responsible for automating business processes to improve operations, in part by responding more quickly to requests for changes from customers.
DevOps engineers often work closely with software engineers to assist them in deploying various systems. DevOps engineers have a variety of responsibilities, such as implementing changes requested by customers or managerial staff, deploying updates and fixes, and in some cases, providing technical support.
Writing scripts and automation using various programming languages, such as Python, Java, and Ruby.
DevOps is a new approach to optimize and manage end-to-end service delivery and operations. It applies a set of principles to transform the entire software delivery lifecycle to introduce new practices enabled by technology.
“QUALITY THOUGHT” is the best institute for Devops. Here fee also very reasonable (10k i think) and trainer Khaja sir, he is 10+ real time experienced and he is very well at Amazon Web Services(AWS), BLOCK CHAIN..
Recommending Skillogic Knowledge Solution here for Hyderabad location. You can learn various tools used in current industries with live examples from the set of expert professionals in Bangalore. These courses are available as DevOps Foundation, DevOps Practitioner and DevOps Architecture. Also one can opt for specific tools training like GIT, JENKINS, PUPPET, CHEF, NAGIOS, AWS and Docker as well. If you are looking for classroom training then you can get it in 2 days or else you can have a choice of taking online course which is scheduled for 5 days. Here is a video presentation for the more details on DevOps training in Hyderabad.
Hyderabad being the emerging tech hub of the country, has come up with multiple training options. People are really enthusiast here to learn new technologies and grow in their respective field by applying the knowledge. Both online and classroom training has sprung up really well.
PowerDirector: PowerDirector's complete series of free features and lower priced accessories fulfill editors ranging from novices to enterprise experts. You can get most of its capabilities for free and subscribe if you'd like to add at the extras. If you are seeking to begin your personal YouTube channel or reduce collectively home films or a brief movie you’ll have all the gear you want and then some.
Openshot: OpenShot Video Editor is a free and open-supply video editor for Windows, macOS, Linux, and Chrome OS. The venture started out in August 2008 by Jonathan Thomas, with the objective of imparting a strong, free, and friendly application to application video editors. The application supports Windows, macOS, and Linux ever due to the fact version 2.1.Zero (launched in 2016). OpenShot introduced assist for Chrome OS in version 2.6.Zero (launched in 2021). There is an unofficial portable version starting in 2020. OpenShot's center video enhancing functionality is carried out in a C++ library, libopenshot. The center audio editing is based on the JUCE library.
KineMaster: KineMaster is one of the best video editing app for android. It’s Corporation is a South Korean multimedia software program enterprise with headquarters in Seoul and branches in the United States, China and Spain. KineMaster is a publicly traded organization indexed at the Korean inventory marketplace.
I would recommend Filmora video editing software for the beginners. Because, I’m using this software for a long time, and I can say that it would be the best decision for a beginner to start the journey of video editing with this software.
Video editing can be a daunting task if you haven’t done much of it - so when choosing the right software, I suggest going with something easy and comprehensible, yet still has a decent amount of tools to work with. Write-on Video by Kdan Mobile is a good option for when it comes to editing home videos, making school presentations, YouTube videos or vlogs. What I personally like about this software is the ability to quickly make a good looking video with transitions, soundtrack and a couple of filters. It takes little time to learn how to use it, but once you do - it’s really fun. You can trim your video (cut out unnecessary shots), change the background (color or blur), add stickers and make captions, add handwriting to make certain frames pop. It’s also possible to change the speed of your clips and when you’re exporting, you can adjust the aspect ratio as well to fit the platform requirements.
If you are just learning about video editing, you may find that there are numerous software whose complexity can overwhelm you and more often than not, further confuse you rather than assisting. Furthermore, this software can cause loss of quality, and take a long time to render because of the re-encoding process of the video editor.
While Bandicut is incredibly convenient for beginners who are just learning about video editing, it also has many advanced features that are useful for professionals to edit their videos. It is easy to use without too many confusing features, delivers high-quality videos in a very short time, and allows users to share any specific clip or a merged video directly to YouTube or Vimeo.
As animation is categorized in many types, so the software products are also categorized accordingly. It totally depends on the learner that what type of animation he/she want to learn.
Technical skills: It goes without saying that any good software engineer or good software developer needs technical knowledge and technical skills. To stand out in such a market, being a full-stack programmer helps. If that makes you worry that you are expected to know every single programming language in the world, don’t fret.
Speed and productivity: It usually takes hours to decipher brittle code and patch it up. This typically comes with a steep price tag, too. We know that lines of code (SLOC, or Source Lines of Code) are not a measure but you, my friend as an enthusiast software coder should definitely cover your speed.
You’re asking the exact same question I was asking myself about a year ago. I was working at the Apple Store and I wanted a change. I wanted to start building the tech I was servicing.
I stumbled across Udacity’s Deep Learning Nanodegree. A fun character called Siraj Raval was in one of the promo videos. His energy was contagious. Despite not meeting the basic requirements (I had never written a line of Python before), I signed up.
This is one of the questions I had to research when I started learning Java recently.
I quickly realized that there were 3 main “competitors” in this field, namely, Eclipse, IntellijIDEA and NetBeans. Although VisualStudio is quite popular as well, so let’s make it the best of 4.
IntellijIDEA – I must admit, I did enjoy this one the most and still use it in my studies, especially since the online Java course I’m currently going through has a special plugin for this IDE. I like the look and feel of this software and the way its menus are organized. There are more than enough features in the free Community Edition, especially for a beginner. I started to customize its look even further, based on a free theme available from its Marketplace. Overall, I feel like I will stick with this one for the time being.
One is Eclipse , this is the most popular IDE. The UI is great, you can have multiple projects in the IDE's project tab. You can see the code of different project in the same window with out switching the IDE perspective. It has a different debugging perspective (view). It has a lot of plugins. This is the choice if you are a budding developer.
Second is Intellij, this is popular among a lot of hard core programmers. The UI is not as good as Eclipse but I feels its a bit quicker in processing than any other IDE. The variable values while debugging is shown right next to the them (which is great) where as in eclipse there is a separate window in Eclipse. You can evaluate expressions while debugging to check what value it is returning. The thing I don't like about Intellij is that it allows me only to load only one workspace or project at a time, if I have to switch between projects, I have to reopen the other project and wait for 30 secs for the window perspective to change. Apart form this Intellij is the BEST.
Myeclipse is a Java IDE that includes the best tools for the full stack developer. With MyEclipse, it’s simple to create a dynamic front end along with a powerful back end—the combination that is critical to today’s enterprise.
MyEclipse delivers everything the enterprise developer needs to efficiently create powerful applications using the latest technologies.
Personally I like Eclipse, which is widely used, cross-platform and very extensible through a plugin system. The free version of IDEA I find a bit slow and Netbeans seems to be constantly trying to drag you in to Netbeans-specific stuff. But this is just my opinion.
If you are a beginner, go for Notepad. Writing programs in Notepad and running them using command prompt will give you better insights of how the things actually works using java compiler.
If you are starting to learn JAVA, I would recommend not to use any full-fledged IDE at all. IDE’s abstract out most of the basic stuff like settings of JDK/JRE, classpath, etc which are necessary to understand how JAVA works. Believe me these are basic stuffs, but very important if you really want to understand JAVA and use it for some serious, productive stuff.
Using no IDE at all has some advantages in learning a language. As everything is more complicated, you are forced to understand more details of the language and of the language environment. I guess it would be a better choice.
The top 3 IDE for Java are Netbeans, Eclipse, and IntelliJ (And Android Studio if doing Android Development). I’d recommend Eclipse because Java EE development has been moved to the Eclipse Foundation. So, we may be seeing new features in Eclipse before elsewhere. But the recommendation is trivial as all 3 IDE’s will accomplish your goal of simplifying your work space and development.
The feature-rich, code-centric IDEs (Integrated Development Environment) has made Java programming easier and productive. There are many IDEs that help Java developers execute rapid web application development. Some of the notable IDEs for Java development include Eclipse, NetBeans, DrJava, JGrasp, and IntelliJ IDEA. But choosing the right one for your Java project can be quite a difficult and time-consuming task.
IntelliJ IDEA : I recently change to this as its my company standard. Cannot say much for now, but I can see that most of prestigious Java developer use this so I think you cannot go wrong with this one.
IntelliJ Idea would be best for java programming. As one of the biggest advantage I find out is , it allows to get familiar pretty much the same environment as Android Studio. So when if you are interested in android development then you’ll feel very comfortable if you are used to program on intelliJ Idea.
Compiler+ is a newly launched Master compiler app, that can be used to compile over 10 programming languages such as C, C++, C#, Python, Java, JavaScript, Perl, Kotlin, PHP, Rust, Ruby, Scala, Dart, and Go.
"Best" IDE? "Best" text editor? "Best" Programming Language? You are talking about religion here. These questions are known to start wars!.
The most sensible thing to do would be to checkout a number of popular IDEs, play around with them and just pick one that suits you the best..
I have worked with Eclipse and IntelliJ. Currently Eclipse seems to be more popular though IntelliJ has some Intelligence built into it. They call it IntelliSense if I remember correctly - does stuff like code analysis, recognizes "bad" code fragments, etc..
For Java you can use Eclipse, Netbeans, Intellij as they are the most popular. If you are a beginner i would recommend you to use a simple text editor like notepad++ or sublime text and compile your programs from command prompt(for windows) or teminal(for linux).
NetBeans has a lot of good features you can use for development including breakpoints for debugging and inherent support for building web applications and many more.
The programmer realizes that the way they are thinking about programs is conceptually abstract and powerful in a way that isn't evident in the actual code being written. So the programmer thinks to themselves: "What is the core essence of the ideas I am expressing in code? And how can I represent those ideas in a way that is simpler, more succinct, and easier to see what is going on?".
According to me , the best & easiest programming language is Python. Python has become one of the most popular programming languages in the world in recent years. It's used in everything from machine learning to building websites and software testing. It can be used by developers and non-developers alik.
Pascal. I was very impressed with Pascal. The syntax was absolutely beautiful. I got very good at it. It had a fundamental flaw that many compilers allowed a work-a-around. It was first language to show the advatages and problems of strongly typed languages. The P4 and CDC compilers are very readable. They are worth the time to study.
Definitely JavaScript. It’s such a free language! You can do just about anything you want with it. It’s almost like a sandbox!.
Python: If you are a beginner you want to learn python because it is easy to learn for a beginner. Python is an open-source programming language that is used to develop Autodesk, Inkspace, 2D, and 3D animation packages and is also used for creating video games.
For web pages, database work (not a big feature of my world), cloud computing, robotics, big data, mobile phone apps, office apps, financial systems, etc, there are many and varied languages. Each language is more or less suited to the various applications. In addition, the language preferred by the individual programmer or the team in general is often going to be better for speed of development, even if it’s not necessarily the best suited to the task.
C if I had to manage memory tightly or write real-time, low-latency code. You can write performant code in Haskell or OCaml, but predictable low latency still favors C. We may see Rust moving into C's wheelhouse soon, but I don't think that it's "there" yet.
JavaScript: No doubts here. An astounding 80% of programmers claim to love JavaScript, no matter their accomplishments in it. Designed in 10 days as a replacement to Java’s bloated coding to work with the browser, named “Java”Script to taunt Sun and now enjoying a well established status as a full stack language. It is so much more than just a “web-based language”.
Depending on what you mean by scalability (the number of developers, development velocity, runtime, multicore operation, distributed processing), the answer can be very different. And for performance scalability, it will also depend on the level of compiler support, standard linraries and runtime envornments.
Python is the language of data science and general purpose scripting. It is also fast becoming the defacto beginners language and computer science course language, as well as the common language of the maker community.
Simply put: UX is the overall experience one has with a product or service, which can include a UI. A UI is typically a combination of visual design (the look and feel) and the interaction design (how it works). UX, however, can encompass a wide range of disciplines, from industrial design to architecture to content.
o put it very simply: The UI is what people use to interact with your product, and the UX is how they feel while they do.
UX represents the User Experience design and is popularly known as the invisible or behind the scene design side. The UX design company works on design and user research, interactive design, information architecture, content strategy, usability testing, etc.
A web designer does not iterate his designs and usually concerns himself with the aesthetics of a website. He/she also knows programming languages like HTML and CSS, Scripting languages like JavaScript and PHP, web designing packages like Flash, Photoshop, etc. The Squareboat has written a concise blog on the same but quora collapsed my answers containing external links so I could not provide it here but You can copy-paste the following and google.
Perhaps this is the most tricky one which makes it often hard to explain to a layman. A User Experience Designer is the one whose responsibility is to make sure that the overall experiences of the target users while and after using the product is positive and fit close to the target's demands. UX designers create mind maps, user journeys and real world usage scenarios to stimulate how would the target users use the product to create a solution which helps the users to accomplish their goals in the best possible way. Thus, their job is to make a lot of studied assumptions for which they design the solution to test and validate.
One of the most important step of the user experience design process is to study the users whose experiences they're trying to design for. In order to do that, UX designers try to collect as information as possible about the target audiences by conducting interviews, making surveys, quantitative analysis etc. Collecting users data is an on-going process that never ends. UX designers collect and analyze the data constantly to create insights which will be the guideline for everyone else in not just the product team to make design and strategic product decision.
I think this one is closely related to UI Designer except for the part that Interaction Designer is more about understanding human behaviors. Since the job is all about the layer that contains what happen between the users and the product, Interaction Designer should know how to design the interactions on a product to be easy to understand and meaningful. The product could be anything ranges from digital products such as websites and apps to a washing machine or a pen. Interaction Designer's job is to create not just useful and functional interactions, but the interactions should be engaging as well to retain users attention and focus.
UI Design is a component of UX design. In other words, the user interface is one part of the user experience. There are many other components that play into the experience therefore UX design is a more holistic view of a product's experience from the customer's perspective.
A web designer is essentially the right person for you to develop, code, modify or debug the errors of your website created or present. He/She is responsible for the development and maintenance of your website. They work on technologies like MEAN Stack, MERN Stack, Javascript and its frameworks, design, etc. They are responsible in backend activities mainly and to some extent front-end development.
As many others have pointed out, these terms were and are in a state of flux and this evolution has hitherto only continued. Web Designer is, for lack of a better descriptor, an old term. Very few people at the heights of the tech industry use that term anymore. This is partially because it is an inaccurate description for a profession that has fragmented into areas of specialization, partially because the term comes from the early days of the web, when local HTML monkeys would grind out simple web pages for cheap. This historical baggage has devalued the term to the point where anyone who hopes to move up in their career avoids using it.
UI design is more focused than UX. Where UX can include the physical product, the copy and verbiage, shapes and colors, and branding, UI design is completely focused on a software interface. Specifically, it means the software interface for a particular use case and on a particular platform. This means the position of interaction points, and how the UI responds to user actions. This means that UI design is more closely related to information architecture than they are design. Where an information architect is concerned with information throughout the application, a UI designer is concerned with the information on an individual screen. A UX designer may may general designs for a wide variety of target screens and platforms, but a UI designer will work on the layout and patterns for a mobile phone only.
A UI Designer is someone whose job is to ensure the user interface is beautiful/tempting and intuitive ( a person can navigate easily through it without having to think too much about what they're doing). UI designers also play a pivotal role in shaping a customer's perception of a brand.
Traditional methods of measuring user experience include how long a user spends on a site, their movement through the pages, or where they drop off before purchasing. But as more and more experience goes beyond the digital—and the experience becomes the product—businesses will start watching more experience-based metrics to track the engagement impact, such as the positive contribution to the customer’s life.
Voice interfaces. Amazon Echo, Google Home, Cortana, Siri. These voice interfaces have all been released in slightly different formats with varying levels of success. I think 2017 will be when the big players will really dig in and either gain traction or find a different model that works for their application.
Mobile-first design is no longer a choice but an imperative – in South Africa, 60% of the adult population own a smartphone, and just 18% own a laptop or desktop computer. Going mobile-first for design forces you to focus on the key functionality of the site and to avoid cluttering each screen.
That said, I would agree that most AI applications nowadays are indeed using or will use ML soon. On the other hand, Deep Learning, which is itself a kind of Machine Learning is becoming more an more popular and successful at different use case. However, it does not even represent a majority of the applications.
First approach is to build a set of rules/ conditions or hand made models to mimic intelligence. These rules/ models are built by humans using their experience. The machines behave like a intelligent being because of the knowledge transfer (Stockfish chess engine or Computer Vision based tracking etc).
Deep Learning (DL) is a subset of ML. Normally in ML, one uses a simpler models and select the right features to train the model. In DL, the model is very big and it automatically learns which features to use on it’s own. For solving real world problems like self driving cars, people use all the approaches.
Artificial intelligence is a field of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. To put it simply: artificial intelligence provides computers with the ability to automatically perform tasks characteristic of human beings, such as perception, pattern recognition, and learning.
Supervised Learning: In this type of ML a computer learns from examples provided by a human expert, so that it can later generalize its knowledge – build rules or functions – based on those examples (supervised learning is also used in natural language processing to disentangle the underlying structure of words and phrases).
So what exactly does this mean? It means that in order for an application to qualify as AI, it has to incorporate at least some form of machine learning. However, many algorithms can be implemented using both AI and ML tactics – depending on the individual case (there are also hybrid systems, like deep learning ). In fact, many people argue that modern deep learning would be considered artificial intelligence even though it relies heavily on neural networks and machine learning.
AI is changing. We are now recognizing that most things called "AI" in the past are nothing more than advanced programming tricks. As long as the programmer is the one supplying all the intelligence to the system by programming it in as a World Model, the system is not really an Artificial Intelligence. It's "just a program".
AI is a computer program that does something smart. It can be a pile of if-then statements or a complex statistical model. Usually, when a computer program designed by AI researchers actually succeeds at something -- like winning at chess -- many people say it's "not really intelligent", because the algorithms internals are well understood. So you could say that true AI is whatever computers can't do yet.
The "learning" part of machine learning means that ML algorithms attempt to optimize along a certain dimension, i.e. they usually try to minimize error or maximize the likelihood of their predictions being true. How does one minimize error? Well, one way is to build a framework that multiplies inputs in order to make guesses as to the inputs' nature. Different outputs/guesses are the product of the inputs and the algorithm. Usually, the initial guesses are quite wrong, and if you are lucky enough to have ground-truth labels pertaining to the input, you can measure how wrong your guesses are by contrasting them with the truth, and then use that error to modify your algorithm. That's what neural networks do. They keep on measuring the error and modifying their parameters until they can't achieve any less error.
Machine Learning implies that machines can learn on their own without being explicitly programmed. It provides a system with the ability to learn and improve from experience automatically.
There is always a conflict when these two terms come up. And yes, they are different. To begin with, Machine Learning (ML) is part of Artificial Intelligence (AI). So, AI is the broader concept of machines being able to carry out tasks in a way that we would consider astute or smart whereas Machine Learning is a current application of AI-based around the idea that we should just be able to give machines access to data and let them learn for themselves. This is like Alphabet Inc. which is an umbrella of Google, YouTube, Gmail, etc. Similarly, AI is an umbrella of machine learning, reasoning, problem-solving, etc.
Artificial Intelligence, AI is a complex of various technological and scientific methods and solutions. Their use helps to create programs on the principle of the human brain. Artificial intelligence includes many tools, algorithms and systems, including machine learning. You can see a schematic explanation of the links between artificial intelligence and machine learning in the picture below. The main thing to understand is that machine learning is part of AI development.
Every field related to data science, analytics, ML(machine learning) requires maths to predict better results. This field uses algorithms and patterns to learn behaviours of machines. One should have a good foundation in maths to work in this field. Several branches of mathematics are used to decide which algorithms should be applied, what parameters to focus on, and more. There are many e-learning institutes where you can acquire mathematical knowledge, including Edx, Coursera, SimpliLearn, Learnbay, and more.
It has recently become easier to use deep learning tools such as scikit-learn, Weka, Tensorflow, and R-caret due to the availability of many easy-to-use packages. Learning from data iteratively and finding hidden insights that can be used to build intelligent applications is the foundation of Machine Learning theory, which combines statistical, probabilistic, computer science, and algorithmic aspects.
That said, I would agree that most AI applications nowadays are indeed using or will use ML soon. On the other hand, Deep Learning, which is itself a kind of Machine Learning is becoming more an more popular and successful at different use case. However, it does not even represent a majority of the applications.
Reinforcement Learning: Is a sub-type of unsupervised machine learning. In this case, instead of grouping examples into common classes, the algorithm induces a function that maps states and actions to rewards (positive or negative feedback). Reinforcement learning algorithms typically learn by trial and error.
Computer hardware are the physical parts or components of a computer, such as the monitor, keyboard, computer data storage, graphic card, sound card and motherboard.
Software can be defined as programmed instructions stored in the memory of flash drives of computers for execution by the processor.
Hardware is anything that is physical and part of a system: a CPU, video card, motherboard, network card, etc..
Computer hardware is any physical device used in or with your machine, whereas software is a collection of code installed onto your computer's hard drive. For example, the computer monitor you are using to read this text and the mouse you are using to navigate this web page is computer hardware. The Internet browser that allowed you to visit this page and the operating system that the browser is running on is considered software.
Hardware : Mouse, monitor, keyboard, Printer, Processor, Graphics card, speakers, Webcam, headphones, Modem.
Software : operating system, 3DS Max, Maya, MS Paint, Python, anti virus, Games, web browser, Photoshop, U torrent.
Computer hardware is any physical device used in or with your machine, whereas software is a collection of code installed onto your computer's hard drive. For example, the computer monitor you are using to read this text and the mouse you are using to navigate this web page are computer hardware.
Hardware is all you can handle, like your monitor, CPU, motherboard, etc. and software is a technical product with very special properties. One of the characteristics is that it is immaterial, you can’t touch it, original and copy are exactly the same etc. Examples include Photoshop, Blender, Unity 3D and more.
Hardware refers to the physical elements of a computer. This is also sometime called the machinery or the equipment of the computer. Examples of hardware in a computer are the keyboard, the monitor, the mouse and the central processing unit. ... In contrast to software, hardware is a physical entity. Alternatively referred to as main memory, primary memory, or system memory, RAM (random-access memory) is a hardware device that allows information to be stored and retrieved on a computer. RAM is usually associated with DRAM, which is a type of memory module.
The соdе саn bе mасhіnе-lеvеl соdе оr thе соdе wrіttеn fоr an operating system. Exаmрlеѕ of software аrе Mѕ Wоrd, Exсеl, Pоwеr Point, Google Chrоmе, Photoshop, MуSQL еtс.
Hardware is anything that is physical and part of a system: a CPU, video card, motherboard, network card, etc.
As related to computing devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), a hardware device is any equipment, internal or external, that attaches to the main device and is recognized, and/or configured by that device’s operating system. Examples are: external disk drives, video cameras, audio devices like sound cards, a pointing device like a mouse, or an external keyboard.
A laptop, a smartphone, a tablet, a computer, a car, a camera, a memory stick, a HDD, a display, etc.
I/O lets the computer talk with the world around it. Sometimes it's necessary to add functionality to a computer to keep it up to date or make it better. The amount of I/O a computer has can be changed, by adding expansion cards that support I/O. A graphics card can be added to a computer to let it talk with a display, or a WiFi card can be added, which will let a computer talk to other computers without a connecting wire. Sometimes functionality can be added through a universal port, a port that supports multiple kinds of I/O. USB, FireWire, and Thunderbolt (Types of I/O) support multiple data types. Your keyboard, mouse, and monitor all connect to a computer's I/O.
Cоmрutеr hаrdwаrе іnсludеѕ thе рhуѕісаl раrtѕ оf a соmрutеr, such as thе саѕе, сеntrаl рrосеѕѕіng unіt (CPU), mоnіtоr, mouse, kеуbоаrd, computer dаtа ѕtоrаgе, grарhісѕ саrd, ѕоund card, ѕреаkеrѕ аnd mоthеrbоаrd.
Software is usually written in a high level language (C, Java) or scripting languages (Perl, python) but needs to be reduced to a low level language (usually to assembly language first then machine code) in order to execute on hardware. This process of converting from high level to low level is known as compiling.
Software modifies the state of the hardware. While executing, the software manipulates memory addresses to modify and store data and it accesses I/O ports (Input/Output) to perform various tasks such as opening/closing removable media trays, turning LEDs (Light-Emitting Diodes) on/off, transmitting/receiving data to/from remote hardware devices, etc.
Hardware can cover electronic functions that do not require software. e.g. An audio amplifiers or a linear power supplies. However, hardware can also include devices that can be loaded with digital instructions (i.e. Software) that can be executed in some sequence to perform different functions, e.g. Computers or micro-controllers. In these cases the hardware interprets and executes the software instructions. Embedded devices often have hardware interfaces so that information can be provided to the software, e.g. Analogue values or digital states and so the software can affect external devices using digital ports, digital to analogue convertors, PWMs or communication devices, e.g. UARTS, SPI or CAN. Arduino boards fall into this group of devices.
On your Arduino board, you have a micro controller. Among its other features is ability to selectively provide electricity to its pins. These pins then connect to electronic circuits. One of these circuits contains LEDs. By programming the microcontroller with computer code, you tell it when to supply electricity to the circuit containing these LEDs, which in turn manifests as software controlling the hardware as the LEDs light up.
In practice we (developers) draw a dividing line between the code we write and the things that our code controls that has a number of layers of software between us and the hardware - we just treat the whole things as a “black box” that we send stuff to and get a response from, but we don’t care about exactly what is in the black box as long as it behaves in the way we want it to.
AMD is using chiplets and binning parts with x out of 8 cores working. Their infinity fabric connects the chiplets together to form a single packaged chip but under the hood, they can use 50% faulty chips (4 out of 8 cores pass the test program) and combine two to get an 8-core chip.
In addition, some major industrial manufacturers indicated that they anticipated needing fewer chips, and as a result, we do not currently have capacity. This part is largely a supply chain management issue. You cannot simply assume that, just because you have need, a supply exists. Foolish people look at supply and demand graphs and assume that if they have demand and cash, a supply will appear out of nowhere. Producing chips takes a long, long time.
I'm an electronics hobbyist and can purchase any semicontuctor I need. Any standard off the shelf part is available to me. So there is no shortage of standard parts. Some manufacturers want custom designed chips, meaning creating a new product with new production line. Automakets used to take 3–5 years to build the physical tooling for a new model. With robotic factories its 1–2 year. But custom silicon usually takes 1–3 year prep period. And there is a limited number of boutique fabs that make those chips. The cheaper ones are in China. Then China declared that Chinese automakers get priority over American companies. American automakers were familiar with other (metals, glass) supply chains however ignorant about semiconductor supply chains.
There isn’t. There is a shortage in the US and Europe because Trump, the stable genius, banned SMIC’s products. SMIC mostly produces 24nm chip and above. 24nm chips are used in industrial applications like cars.
Long lead-times mean that supply chain is very important as shifts have to be foreseen and accounted for, several months in advance. When anticipating major events - iPhone/Galaxy launches, holiday season, etc - production is ramped or inventories are built up ahead of time.
CPU example: Higher than expected performance from a major AMD gamble (Zen2 chiplet + “InfinityFabric”) reported on in November drove consumer demand beginning November 2019 which spiked mid-March with WFH. This depleted inventories and shocked prices, shocked prices drove scalper scenarios which further de-stabilized pricing.
I understand the global semiconductor (in fact, integrated circuit - IC) shortage is due to COVID impacts on supply chains and staff. Why ICs are hit so badly and for so long is perhaps the more interesting question when all the local restaurants and importers I know of seem to be back up and running OK.
Kids need Chomebooks for school and socializing, parents need PCs, everybody needs new WiFi routers with actual throughput, everybody needs phones, we’re buying tablets like they were going out of style. Because parents really, really, really, don’t need kids fighting over the TV, every household suddenly need multiple TVs in separate rooms. And headphones for everyone.
I started by using avast, they have a sound detection system that can detect malware and other infections via their behavior. But I noticed throughout the years that Avast was using very annoying marketing tactics to scare users into buying their full premium softwarep.
Currently, Windows natively has its own anti-virus Windows Defender, and it works relatively well. The majority of the popular providers have free versions of their software to test out, and they also do the job. As for anti-virus, I recommend Comodo, Avast, Avira, Bitdefender, Kaspersky or Norton. All of them proven formidable.
Antivirus is an important part of your computer as it helps to remove Virus, Malware and even provide you with a high level of security from internet bug that may be harmful to your computer so today I will recommend you with some of my favorite 10 best antivirus software that you should have on your computer. I will also feature the best and trusted buy link of all this 10 antivirus with the list so that you can easily check out or buy. so without a further delay let get started.
The worst AV you can get is McAfee or MSE/Windows Defender. I see them recommended all the time, and i can never understand why. Real World Protection Test Overview The stats say it for themselves, 17 out of 20 Av Suites SURPASS Microsoft Security Essentials AKA Windows Defender. McAfee scores BELOW MSE. When working with both of these AVs i have had terrible experiences. I had one client running MSE on his whole house, over 6 computers. A virus got on one computer, MSE failed to detect it and it spread through his whole network. When i bought a laptop it came with a free 6 months of McAfee. I still hadn't settled on an AV yet so I tried it. A month later a virus shut down the AV suite and started deleting my data. I had to uninstall McAfee and installed BitDefender, which i never had a problem with but just didn't like so i switched to Avast.
In my opinion, the future of antivirus, or any kind of malware detection of that matter, is in machine learning / AI. And as far as I know, most commercial AV solutions just aren’t there yet. The biggest problem with a more traditional signature-based approach (which can run really fast, so it is usually what’s used in AV for personal computers. There is also heuristical detection, like analyzing behavior of programs in a sandbox, but that comes with its own disadvantages as well, and usually involves a lot more overhead which makes it unsuitable for PC.), is that the AV vendors simply cannot catch up with the huge amounts of viruses appearing in the wild on a daily basis. How are you going to have a signature of a virus you haven’t seen before? If a virus just tweaks its source code (which changes the signature), how are you going to detect it? It’s a cat and mouse game that is difficult for the good guys to win.
That being said, the best antivirus for Windows is probably the one you don’t have to install or configure: Windows Defender, because it doesn’t use up resources and protects just as well as the commercial ones, especially between the free ones. For Mac and Linux, you don’t really need one if you have common sense, but you can install Malwarebytes if you want.
Each time new malware is created, a new signature needs to be created by the anti-virus vendors and then downloaded to your computer. The problem with this approach is that new malware is being created faster (sometimes every minute) than the signatures needed to detect the malware.
The hardware is more expensive, but it is so well thought out. The case is tough and beautiful. The system is light and has long battery life. The Retina display is stunning, crisp at even the highest resolution. The 16:10 screen ratio makes working on documents much easier than the standard 16:9 ratio PCs. The power supply is thoughtfully light, a detail frequently overlooked by PC makers. The power supply adds weight to your bag, too! Since PC makers often optimize for cost, they tend to use the cheaper 16:9 displays at much lower pixels per inch, bulky power supplies, and inelegant casing.
My first computers were a Ti -99/4A, and a Tandy TRS-80, (back when Radio Shack was popular). so I've been using computers for a few years. I actually used a Macintosh way back in '85, but as computers started to infiltrate the corporate world, I was basically forced to switch to Windows, which is what I used until 2008. I would notice that any computer I bought using Windows would run great in the beginning, and then would develop more and more problems as time went on, which needed to remedied by wiping the hard drive and starting over. After telling my IT director that I was ready to throw the computer out the window, he suggested that I look into a Mac, (he works on Windows). From that point on, I never went back.
Mac, I like that the software is more polished, efficient, and stable. Most apps are drag and drop, also a big plus. However, there are some glaring issues. One, reinstalling OS is a nightmare. Trying to factory reset it doesn't work half the time, and trying to download older OSes for Macs more than 5 years old is a nightmare. Second, it's a very closed environment, and just becoming more so. Access to anything but your documents and downloads folder is less intuitive until you create desktop and Finder sidebar shortcuts for your computer/HD (older versions already did this). Installing unapproved applications requires diving into the settings. There's far less available software, and less of that software is free. No pre-installed antivirus. Plus, it uses HFS+ file system, which is incompatible with most other operating systems. It also can't write to NTFS, and adding support for other file systems is a nightmare. Uninstalling software is often not straightforward, and installing/uninstalling is not consistent from app to app. And Macs can typically only receive software updates for 5–8 years before they're defunct. Try putting High Sierra on a 2011? PCs that are decades old are still running newest versions of Windows.
I currently work in a remote site and had to download several GBs of files. I moved the files to my home folder and downloaded some more. I wanted to copy the new set of files from my Downloads folder to my Home folder expecting the 2 folders to merge (as it would on Windows). I was wrong. MacOS deleted (irreversibly) the existing contents for the new ones even though they all had different filenames.
There were all sorts of issues with OS X, including not being able to save the password to the file server, having to buy all new peripherals that were Mac compatible, and the machine was in general much faster running Windows XP than when running OS X!.
I'm an Accountant and hobby Photographer/Videographer(slightly) and that's pretty much all I do using computers, apart from general Internet browsing. Read: NOT a programmer, power-user, gamer or similar. Just a regular, computer-competent 26 year old Joe.
I was a Windows-Only girl. Been faithful since windows 3.1, and before that, I was using MS-DOS. However, when it was time for me to get myself a laptop (around 2003, I think), I started to look at what the PC world was offering and it was really disappointing. I needed something small. I used to have an HP Omnibook 800, that thing was a brick and weighted a ton, but it was tiny. It was running Windows 95, had 16Mo Ram and of course I needed something a little more recent. The only PC I could find that was that tiny was a Sony Vaio, which costed about $3500. At that time, like I said, I was Windows only, I couldn’t understand people who were working on Macs, a friend of mine in high school had a Mac, I had tried it, found it awful, didn’t even give it a chance. I was really stubborn.
For all my life I've been a PC user. I had a Macbook Air for about 6 months before I spilt coffee on it and I went back to a PC. Compared to PC's there has only two things that I liked better about the Mac - the hardware was superior and the trackpad worked flawlessly. I really didn't care for the Mac OS and found the machine to be basic. When I went back to a PC I was much happier. I'm sure this is partly due to my comfort level with PC's, but it seems most of my peers moved to Mac and never looked back.
What I like about the idea of Apple in general is that their whole philosophy has been about making technology accessible to every day people. Simple does not mean dumbed down, it means streamlining things to their most essential elements. Everything from setup to backing up is made with the end user in mind, and the end user is everyone, not just tech geeks. Most people don't want to spend a lot of time tweaking and maintaining a computer, they want to get things done. I like that OS X stays out of my way.
I tried to switch the last 3 weeks ago. My background is simple: I am coming from Windows/Linux and I’m used to optimize things the way they working best for me. Windows as well as Linux supports this! MacOS as very limited options. I call it: “Apple tells you how to use the device, you payed for it. Now go that way!”.
I’m a computer science major, so having Unix built in under the hood of macOS is a big benefit, and it has proven to be very useful. I find myself using and enjoying the terminal on macOS (I use iTerm 2) while I avoided Command Prompt and Powershell on Windows as much as possible. The Ubuntu Bash on Windows is pretty nice, but it is sectioned off from Windows and is less useful than I had hoped it would be.
Horrible feeling for me. I went to one for an iOS project, and have never used it for anything else. It leads you to where it wants you to go. Bouncing icons. The need to use keyboard tricks to do things that are easy in Windows. I truly don't get the appeal, other than the aesthetic coolness of it, which I frankly don't even find so cool.
Kernighan & Pike's elegant book "The Unix Programming Environment" may still be a good starting point. Even though it was published back in 1984, it will give you a very clear introduction to doing things at the command line and thinking in the Unix/Linux way. The authors are among the creators of Unix, and excellent teachers: their goal is "to communicate the UNIX programming philosophy.".
Latest gadgets. I heard that most VR requires DirectX. Many latest printers and webcams won’t work. Generally speaking, before buying a computer, I would do a brief googling to see if it works well with GNU/Linux.
I had a good chance to contact with computer when I was a kid (around 11 years old) and most of the time as kid, gaming on window is a part of life. Window was not very stable at that moment (3.11 and then 95), so sometimes it hanged and could not recover (by virus, broken files, ...) when I installed new games, and I got lot of trouble with my mom, because she needed the computer to do the office work. Gradually, in order to get out of the trouble, I had to fix the OS by myself (simply re-install or delete / replace the broken files so the OS can work again). This happened so many times (more than 10 re-installation per month if I remember correctly) and make me have enough patience when trying new thing. Also, installing new thing and exploring the software became my interest, even I didn't use those softwares later (cracked softwares was everywhere in my country during that time, because we didn't have internet at that moment).
If you already have operating system installed on you computer then start working basic Linux commands and make sure you understand the significance and use of each command. (e.g ls, mkdir, locate, find, ifconfig etc.).
Simply insert a usb stick into your computer and go to Google “Live Linux USB Installer”. This will create a bootable Linux USB stick so that you try many different versions of Linux before installing. It is very easy and really fun to try and compare operating systems before you install. Once you feel comfortable with Ubuntu, or Mint, or Elementary (all beginner friendly Linux versions) then you can just click a button that says to install if you like that version. EASY PEASY!!!.
Start by downloading a distribution. Many people start with Ubuntu, which "just works", or with Linux Mint, which is basically Ubuntu with an interface that is more similar to Windows 7. Other distributions are just as good, but Ubuntu has a wider user base so it's easier to find answers to your questions on line.
Now install Linux Mint/Elementary OS/Zorin OS after downloading the ISO image & burning it in a CD/DVD/USB. Only thing you need to know is if you are dual booting & want to keep your data safe(without formatting), is selecting the partitioning, choosing the mount point, swap area. Just crawl the web for that. Else just normally insert the CD/DVD/USB it & follow the instructions.
Once you have decided on the flavor you want to use, you can now decide how you wish to use it. For extreme greenhorns I suggest using a virtual machine to see the basics of Linux. In a virtual machine you will be able to tinker with anything you like, without any risk of hurting your main OS. You could also put your desired flavor alongside your main OS and choose which one to boot into each startup, this is called a dual boot. I only suggest putting going Linux full time if you have used it for over a month and you don't depend on that machine/OS. An important thing to remember when considering an OS swap is which programs you rely on, and if there are similar programs. This is when a dual boot comes in especially handy, switching between the two operating systems when you need the different programs. An example of this "program barrier" is gaming: out of my 130 Steam games only 59 run on Linux. Some people have mentioned using WINE (designed to run Windows programs on a Linux machine) but I see this as counterproductive. If I wanted to run Windows programs, I would use Windows. And thus, Windows is on my gaming desktop.
Everything from software installation to hardware drivers works differently on Linux, though, which can be daunting. Take heart—you don’t even need to install Linux on your PC to get started. Here’s everything you need to know.
It's pretty easy to create a VM on Windows to create a virtual environment to run Linux in. VMs are easy to manage, and when you're done using them, you can delete them. You can even back up copies of the entire virtualized (guest) operating system if you need to.
Ubuntu 16.04's Unity desktop can be quirky, but it’s packed with useful features you’d never find on your own, like the HUD. If you're going with Ubuntu 16.04 or earlier, be aware that Ubuntu will be abandoning its Unity desktop in future versions. Ubuntu dropped Unity in favor of the GNOME shellthat comes default on Fedora and other distributions. If you want to try Ubuntu, we recommend trying Ubuntu GNOME, which uses the GNOME desktop instead of Unity.
All you have to do is buy a computer and install most widely used distribution of linux (that is Ubuntu). Google it and you will find that installing ubnutu is really simple. After you have set up your system, try usual things like opening a directory(called folder in windows) and reading/ writing files using terminal( terminal looks similar to command prompt). Facing any difficulty —> ask google.
There’s no “fix” distro which software companies use. At the base, most things are the same and you can pretty much make any Linux distro to suit your needs. As an example, be it Ubuntu or Fedora or Arch, you can run the same “ls” command to list files in your directories, and same goes with big software systems. At the base, they all use the common C and other libraries.
learn how linux is structured (filesystem, permissions, etc.), for system administration (desktop, server). Tutorials are a good go-to solution, but honestly, I would recommend looking into decent linux sysadmin books first. I can’t recommend any outstanding one, since I’m not a sysadmin myself, but try to get one used from the O’Reilly series.
If you’re already familiar with computers and programming, you should have no problem. If you’re not, though, don’t give up. Try to set yourself realistic goals: you can’t learn ALL that linux can do, you need to set yourself some target that meets your needs. I mean, I’ve been using linux for more than 20 years, now, I ditched windows completely 12 years ago (it was more of a nuisance than anything else), but I’m not going to learn how linux manages network connections, or X11 servers, or other very technical stuff. I just need to process text, audio and video, to get things done when I develop my own programs, to access the web, read my messages, to print stuff I’ve written (using latex or libreoffice), and be able to use common hardware (eg. possibly old keyboards, input devices both new and old, etc.) without going crazy (that used to happen a lot with windows). I don’t play videogames, so I’m not messing with Nvidia drivers etc.
If currently you are using a windows OS then I’ll suggest you to use a virtual linux OS inside your current windows OS using softwares like VMware Player, Oracle Virtual Box etc. Although there would be a slight degradation in the graphical interface but that would be sufficient enough for learning basics (Its quite easy as nowadays Linux too offers a good userfriendly GUI and it is not just about learning bash codes). After you become familier with such basics , I suggest you to get a fresh OS of Linux or if you wish you may use dual boot( If its important for you to work in windows as well ). Slowly shift yourself to linux (At first it might seem a little difficult) and you will continue to find yourself more comfortable with it.
My journey started with a simple problem (now strength) which i faced in windows. The name of problem is “Customisation” . Yes, you read that right. Customisation is a huge problem in Windows operating system.Although many people find it easy to change registry in Windows but it was cruelsome for me as all of them looked overwhelming and cryptic at same time. Moreover regular Windows updates increased my problems. So my solution was Linux (MINT) .Yes ,I started out with Linux Mint and till now I have tried several Linux based OS (Ubuntu,Fedora,RHEL,Elementary).
If you plan to market your Linux skills, then it doesn't matter so much which version you install, since much of your time will be spent behind the GUI tinkering with the command-line, and this should be (fairly) standard across the different versions.
If you're looking to go into application development or some kind of higher-level software team, or even server administration like me, you don't want to learn pure Linux, you want to learn how to use Linux in a practical sense. Go install some kind of Linux Distro, like Mint, Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, or something of which there are hundreds.
Install it. Delete OSX, delete Windows. Everything you can do in those operating systems you can do in Linux. Best way to learn is jumping in head first. All the information is out there on the web, you just need the right motivation to go looking for it. Have you ever seen that episode of Friends where Rachel was wanting a new job, so Joey told her she needed to quit her old job first in order to have "the fear"? That's what you need. Just jump in and go. It's not hard.
If you have been using Windows for quiet some time and you are comfortable accomplishing your tasks on windows then you can start by replication.
If you can create a folder in windows, learn how to create a folder in Linux. If you can see a folder in windows, try to browse and look up at the files and folders in Linux.
You might wonder if its going to work. Believe me, if you can understand the output "ls -l", you at least some to know about some very important aspects in Linux i.e permissions, if it a folder or normal file or special file, does it have hardlinks, is it a softlink to some other folder, its owner, its group and so many other details.
Install Ubuntu and run it for a few days. It's just an OS. Everything you need is in a dock down the left side of your screen. You don't need to go to the command line although eventually you'll find that it's a convenience. Don't worry, you won't break it. It's tremendously stable. In fact, Linux installs can literally last for years with no maintenance whatsoever. Before it was a desktop OS it was a server OS that could take pounding by millions of hits a day. It's not Windows.
You see, not everybody who uses Linux wants to be a programmer, a superuser or a systems administrator. It's a shocking idea to some, but it is true. I for example, have spent at least 10 happy years being none of these things. I am technically minded, I did work as tech support, but not primarily as an administrator or programmer. I have just started learning programming, because I found a problem interesting enough to get me on my way.
The easy explanation: Linux is an operating system just like windows and mac. Windows is the most popular OS, so popular that people have started associating and interchanging the the terms 'PC' and 'Windows'. Linux and Mac are renowned for their speed and security. You will be hard pressed to find viruses, malware, etc on Linux and Mac. I think this has got to do with their low popularity rather than their capability to withstand attacks. To sum it up, here are the advantages that Linux has over Windows.
Compatibility: Linux is compatible. Period. You can run linux on almost everything : ARM, i386 , x86, etc. You can even run linux in washing machines, kindles, etc(More on that later).
I use Kubuntu because I prefer the KDE environment. KDE has a task bar, a 'start menu' called 'Kicker' and a desktop folder where shortcuts can be placed. KDE has a lot more too but that's all you need to know when first starting out.
I recommend that you keep your Windows and make a dual boot with Ubuntu. Since users don't know what they can do on Linux you can always return to Windows with no problems. When you feel comfortable with Linux, then completely remove Windows from your hard drive and enjoy.
What is Linux or GNU’s Linux?.
Everyone has heard about it, some might say android is Linux, some people think there are two Operating Systems, one Windows and other Linux, guys from Computer background generally think Linux is an Operating system, which is used to run servers, and is quite secure.
I switched 5 years ago. It cost some work and even a few frustrating crashes/hangups but it was just part of the learning experience. From Ubuntu to Archlinux, my 5 year old laptops have never been faster or easier to use. I can do just everything I want and if I want to learn it the answer is easily Googled or had from the community (user forums). My answer to your question: Don't expect another Windows, it's a completely different OS with a spectacular set of options but you have the controls and you need to master it. Windows takes the control from you and limits your options. Patience and you will be rewarded!.
Well first the recommendations: go for ubuntu derivative as they have most of packages available and are quite desktop oriented distros. I would throw Linux Mint and http://elementaryos.org. Secondly, keep in mind that you are coming to completely different OS so everything may not be as easy at first .... have patience.
As an example when I first started my network card didn't support Linux so I couldn't get online. The lead developer of the distro wrote to me and told me to visit a local computer store and buy a $5 add-in network card. I did, and it worked. I got online and have never looked back.
Make bootable LIVE DVD or USB flash images, and boot your system, and spend at least 4 hours with each one, not all at once perhaps, but mainly to get a feel for how each one differs. They are the same Linux distribution, but the Taskbars, and the level of customization, and how things install are what you need to consider.
interesting a machine to run linux - how is that different to a machine that will run windows? To dive into something new simply because you dislike what you have is, in my view, a naive strategy. At the very least you should try using different linux distributions (hate the word distro) and ideally do this by setting up a dual boot system. Live CD's and Virtual machines simply do not give you a real feel for something. When you have run a system alongside windows for a while you may decide you like it better in which case you can commit - or with a large enough hard drive why not keep both systems for the odd times you need windows to run something linux wont (or vice versa) embrace change and explore by all means but dont dive into the pool until you know you can swim!.
EDX has a course on Linux coming up. It looks like it may be very helpful. If there are Windows apps you must run then VertualBox, and Wine may be worth learning about. If you can do without Windows apps you can save a lot of trouble. Streaming services like Spotify are a good alternative to iTunes. iTunes only works in Linux under VirtualBox. The only way I've been able to get education toys like those from LeapFrog to work is using VirtualBox. VirtualBox requires a copy of Windows. Wine will run windows apps without Windows, but need Linux device drivers for usb connected device like iPods and LeapFrog devices. The last time I looked these did not exist.
On the positive side even running Windows occasionally under VirtualBox is not nearly as painful as depending on it all the time.
If you change to Linux you will shortly find that this has been your best decision since you bought your first PC. Just take some easy distro as Zorin OS or Peppermint and you will have up everything in less than 20 minutes. No need for virus protection anymore. No need for periodical cleaning and re-installation. Tens of thousands of software available using 'Software Center' where you can download and install your programs safely. Even most software you have earlier been using will be available using wine or virtuabox. If you are stuck somewhere, you will find help contacting large communities or simply seaching for a solution in your browser.
To be honest, from a user standpoint, not much difference. With the exception of some software that you use on Windows(like MS Office) will instead be replaced with open source variants(LibreOffice). Some stuff is more difficult to install, but if you're patient to get stuff working it's very rewarding. In my examples I'll use Ubuntu.
The major differences are that GNU/Linux is made with much more sense than Windows, which will bring you peace of mind. One user is very unlikely to mess up the stuff of another user. And the system will always ask you to authenticate yourself (type in your password) when you're doing something tricky. So you'll always feel safe clicking around until there's a password prompt. Installing programs is different and way simpler. And the rest is just minor stuff you'll learn by yourself.
Security - linux essentially only has two levels, god and pleb, acls exist but you have to install the module and they only apply to files, nothing else. There simply isn't any concept of granting someone the right to modify a printer setting. You can also destroy your system by accidently leaning on the keyboard (joke) - shell commands are short, powerful and generally don't ask you if you are sure. I love command line but linux (and unix in general) suffers from command-itis - theres an exe for *everything*, sometimes multiple exes to do the same thing in different ways. Windows has the same but theres more of a tendancy to have a single exe to do everything related to an area, like the net or netsh tools.
Linux can be easy but you are your own administrator. There are nice and mean linux users. Maintaining a Linux box securely requires effort. We are not here to hold on to your hand but if you are truly trying, help is out there. Don’t say “I got an error message from bash”, be extremely descriptive. Take some online classes to use the terminal. Don’t just reuse someone else command lines, use the man pages and online help to understand.
The beauty of Linux is that it offers you great power to do what you want -- including running Windows apps. I strongly recommend Oracle VM VirtualBox, because it is easy to install and set up, and it has a "Seamless Mode" that will integrate the Windows desktop with Linux. Great for those programs that don't have a good Linux equivalent yet. It's also a great way to play around with different Linux distros as well.
The free software community thrives on a strong spirit of volunteerism. If you engage sincerely and graciously with the Linux community, you'll find a lot of enthusiastic and competent people willing to help you, sometimes for hours at once or over the course of weeks, whether that means answering your question or just helping you understand problems and solutions that come up along the way.
Use a “Live CD/USB” installer, and try Ubuntu before installing. Assuming your computer is compatible, you should be able to install Ubuntu (the most popular Linux distribution) in less that an hour (usually about 30 minutes). In most cases, that’s it! You should have a completely working and ready-to-use PC. Office software is included and installed. However….
The installation is quite tough, formatting and arranging then adding codes in terminal that’s really awesome. And it’s boot time is very impressive. In windows you have to wait for loading and all. But here, Click and Go.
Okay, so Linux, Unix, Windows XP… Put simply they are all starting to merge into the same fundamental OS. Yes, there is virtually no concept of root in Windows, even as administrator. Yes, all input and output devices are treated like files. What I recommend, to anyone trying to transition from Windows to Linux is… take it nice and easy… Don’t go all Command Line Interface. Start out with a Distro like Ubuntu. Which is essentially windows without all the windows crap and Linux is really just the Command Prompt. For now… eventually, you’ll actually have to explore things beyond a GUI… and honestly you’ll find yourself doing a lot of stuff a lot faster. To make it fun I and easy you only need run two commands once Ubuntu kindly walks you through it’s installation process.
Ubuntu is a great OS to run, and i will list those reasons below, however there are somethings i miss about the windows OS. If the things that i miss aren't important to you, or can be overcome, i would highly recommend Ubuntu. If there are some things you can't live without that are windows only, i would setup a dual boot system, which is what i use.I can run either Ubuntu or Windows on the same computer.
It's really dificult to give a user-perspective explanation of "Linux" if you don't go into the command-line tools. And I'm guessing you're not familiar with command line too much - coming from Windows. The reason is not that Linux is useless without the CLI (Command Line Interface), but because that's the only real common thing between any two Linux variants.
I mean that it depends on your works and what softwares do you need. If you use photoshop or Office a lot don't switch to linux because their alternatives are not that much good. I switched to Mac because I need Xcode which only have OS X version. If someone need to work with visual Studio they need Windows. If someone need some softwares or packages that are only available in linux(which I don't think there is such a thing at all) they should use linux.
Security – In line with the costs, the security aspect of Linux is much stronger than that of Windows. Why should you have to spend extra money for virus protection software? The Linux operating system has been around since the early nineties and has managed to stay secure in the realm of widespread viruses, spyware and adware for all these years. Sure, the argument of the Linux desktop not being as widely used is a factor as to why there are no viruses. My rebuttle is that the Linux operating system is open source and if there were a widespread Linux virus released today, there would be hundreds of patches released tomorrow, either by ordinary people that use the operating system or by the distribution maintainers. We wouldn’t need to wait for a patch from a single company like we do with Windows.
Software engineering/IT/Web—you’re better off sticking with Debian, Ubuntu, or RedHat/CentOS if you want to use the computer to write your own software and/or manage commonly-used platforms without constantly tweaking with the guts of it.
Arch Linux defines simplicity as without unnecessary additions, modifications, or complications, and provides a lightweight UNIX-like base structure that allows an individual user to shape the system according to their own needs. In short: an elegant, minimalist approach.
Secondly, I’ve explained many times, what Linux is and does. Linux is a kernel and all Linux distributions use it. Hence LINUX distributions. Meaning, there is no one-fits-all lighter, faster, better or better looking. Linux distributions are not fixed and final operating systems and they are not like Windows. Linux distributions are modular sets of tools that cater to individual purposes, taste and working styles. The whole point is, to find the one that’s closest to your individual needs and to adjust it to your individual purpose to MAKE it the best, the fastest, the lightest, the most productive and efficient for YOUR INDIVIDUAL PURPOSE! I’ve said that many times at this point.
Yes, you can use WhatsApp both on your phone and laptop. WhatsApp has a built in feature call WhatsApp Web that allows you to chat with your phone and laptop.
But the disadvantage of the feature is that if you find your laptop in the hands of wrong people, they could read your messages and write ones as well when ever your phone is online and if only you forget to logout from the laptop. The relief also is that if you found out you forgot to logout from the laptop, you can also logout all connected computers using the phone. NB: Not all smartphones support that feature, only Android, BlackBerry and Windows phone support it. iPhone does not support it the last time I checked.
Launch WhatsApp on your phone and access the settings menu (click the three dots at the top right to access more options on an Android device), then choose WhatsApp Web. A QR reader will then open on your phone, point this at your PC screen to read the code and be automatically logged intoWhatsApp on the web.
Type WhatsApp web in ur pc browser, then u see a qr code on ur screen,now go to ur WhatsApp in phone then click on three dots present on right top,and u see what's app web there,click on it and u see a scanner,scan the PC qr code with ur phone,and it opens in PC.,both mobile and PC Shouldmust have internet connection.
If the installed Linux distro of the said PC is “debian-based” or “rpm-based”, you can download it and after which use a package manager for automatic installation. The second option, is manual installation through CLI using the command “dpkg”. If the Linux distro is not debian-based nor rpm based, then there is a huge probability that you will have to download its source code, compiled it before you can manually install it.
In order to install WhatsApp and have it actively running on your PC or laptop, you need to download Bluestacks, an Android app player. The software is nothing but an Android emulator for Windows or Mac operating systems.
I've seen a feature on Whatsapp called Whatsapp Web. All you do is select whatsapp web on your phone then allow your phone to scan a barcode from a website on your computer and then you can use Whatsapp in your browser.
Search for "bluestacks" on internet.... Its a software freely available on internet and it lets you run every android app on your computer. You can enjoy, not only whatsapp, but any android app on your PC. But beware, its a very "heavy" software, because it uses very high numbers of resources (memory, ram, rom) on your computer. But no harm in trying it once.
Via BlueStacks, which is an Android emulator. For Linux, its GenyMotion. Also, you may use whatsapp web but for that you'll need Google chrome browser installed and your smartphone to be connected to the internet. Then you can visit https://web.whatsapp.com and scan the QR code from whatsapp installed in your device and voila you're ready to chat.
Yes you can install whatsapp on you PC. All you have to do is to download software named "Bluestacks". But in order to install bluestacks your PC must need RAM of 2gb otherwise it won't run smoothly and if you're using Windows 10 then there's goanna be no issue but in case of windows 8 there are some problem. Because of some bugs problem in windows 8 your PC would not allow you to install bluestacks, but this is not a problem in case of windows 8.1. So I suggest if you're using Windows 8 then might need to upgrade your windows and I can assure you that windows 8.1 is much better than 8.0.
I think you can use whatsapp on laptop as well as in your phone(not required your phone connected to wifi or not), you need to install Android emulator on your PC and then install whatsapp through it. By this way you can use Whatsapp on your pc as well as in your phone. (Bluestack is one of the Android emulator).
I have come to appreciate how beneficial it is to have a PC that is very cool and quiet. For me, my dual-core mobile i3 with a SSD boot drive has been a very reliable daily-driver for over four years. It does everything I need it to do.
Its kind of impossible to say a computer as best desktop computer unless you know a few things. What makes it best are the components and configuration that is in the computer. Generally a prebuilt computer dont have all the best components. I mean some components can be good but not all. To get the best components, you have to build it yourself. And to do that, you should know what is your purpose for having a computer, and accordingly you choose and invest in components - thats first thing. Secondly, getting all the best thing may not be good enough, you should know how to configure them. By configuration I mean.. You should know that all the components that you bought are best suited for each other. Supposedly you got the best or high end intel i3 processor and you got the best gtx 1080ti graphic card. These two components are good but are not best to work together. i3 processor is good for daily low intensive work such as videos, music, ms office etc. and for doing such kind of work you dont need 1080ti gpu, integrated gpu is good enough. Putting a 1080ti to work with i3 is bad configuration and wastage of money. Or putting it otherwise.. You do heavy graphical work and games.. i3 is weak for that and will not allow gtx1080 to work at its full capability. Thats a bad configuration even though both the components are best in their class.
You can compare specs and features and brands but when you sit down to use the computer, there is nothing like a Surface Studio. The natural feel of using the stylus and precision of both pointer and colors makes this a standout for drawing and graphics editing. The speed and responsiveness are that of the a top of the line PC. The only thing better than this will be the next generation with the i8 processors.
In terms of brands, I myself will always prefer desktops that I built myself. It allows for much more flexibility and upgradability, and it’s just fun to build. For laptops, I have a special place in my heart for Lenovo ThinkPads, due to their keyboards, build quality, support, and Linux compatibility. Though my next laptop may end up being a Surface due to the flexibility of having a proper tablet with an active pen running a full desktop OS.
You don’t need 2 all-in-one CPU coolers. And you won’t be able to run the majority of games in 4k at 60fps on RTX2060 Super or not, you need either 2 1080Ti’s for that or a single RTX 2080ti. For the CPU go with AMD if you want to stream you’ll need extra cores and AMD offers more cores per dollar than Intel. Don’t dump your money into a high end motherboard unless you are overclocking and if you are overclocking, again, go with AMD Ryzen 3xxx are more overclock friendly than Intel chips. NEVER buy a 5400 rpm drive, get an NVMe or if you are on a budget a SATA SSD. Since you are doing a full water loop don’t get a glass corsair case they look good, but the air flow is average at best, unless you go with 1000d the thing is so big it has it’s own weather system. So the short answer to your question is hell no.
Apple/Macintosh - The prices are exuberant, the processing capabilities are (usually) worst out there in price-to-performance comparisons, and video games? HA! You’re lucky if the games even have a Mac/iOS version! And even then, you’re probably not equipped to play more than Minecraft. But aside from all of that, it’s a literal plug-and-play computer. Plug it in, turn it on, account setup for a few seconds, and done! You’re back to whatever you were doing before. Repairs are done by professionals, so it’s rarely your fault if something breaks. Just be ready to pay a pretty penny for the repair service.
This from Apple – a brand which really does dominate the top-end of the market – is pricey but includes the brilliant Touch Bar. This means the top row of function keys is replaced with a thin touchscreen where the keys can be customised for the application in use. It’s a spectacular and useful way to make a laptop even more convenient to use. Beyond that, this is a super-slim, lightweight machine with a huge trackpad and a keyboard which is among the most comfortable available. The 13-inch display (15-inch models are available too) is high-resolution and vividly colourful. It also has a fingerprint sensor built into the power button, so signing in or validating online purchases are speedy operations. If you don’t fancy the Touch Bar, there are new MacBook Pro models available from £1,449 and older models from £1,249.
just kidding, theres no real best computer brand, for the most part prebuilt computers tend to not even have the same brand parts inside ( ie, Dell computers using Foxconn or Zotac and msi parts. ) so going for the brand on the front is 100% pointless, you have to choose the individual hardware to get a actual decent computer. that being said different companys tend to do better in differnet departments. Asus is known pretty well for monitors and graphics cards, whil they also have a reputation for motherboards that arrive at your door dead on arrival.
So if you want to use the computer for hard core gaming, a system with high performance GPU and fast CPU would be better. If you want it for general purpose or office work, any system with moderate configurations will do. If you want to create a high traffic web server you need a system with fast CPU and big size RAM with good Network Card. Or if you just want it for minor computations in some project, even a raspberry pi could prove itself best for the task.
Moore's law states that the number of transistors per square inch on integrated circuits had doubled every year. As of 2018, the size is 5nm. The Silicon’s atomic size is about 0.2 nm. Shrinking to the extent can be done upto this level. Below this we would enter into atomic level. Here in that quantum world, our classical physics never holds. Quantum physics enters. The electrons possess different characteristics and behavior in quantum state than we observe in real world. Some are superposition, entanglement and so on. Thus the introduction of QUANTUM COMPUTING. Quantum computers are best computer as of now.Such a computer is different from binary digital electronic computers based on transistors. Any cryptographic arithmetic can be broken in a fraction of a second. The fastest computer can be achieved.
I used to think that MSI was near the top of the heap because for many of their products, they are the creator/supplier of the components, not just the assembler. But then of the PCs I have assembled myself, it was only one with an MSI motherboard that failed early. All of the rest have had ASUS motherboards, with no failures. Call that ‘the luck of the draw'.
That is, in January of 2017 the new supercomputer from China it has topped the latest list of the world's most powerful machines. The 93 petaflop Sunway TaihuLight is installed at the National Supercomputing Centre in Wuxi. At its peak, the computer can perform around 93,000 trillion calculations per second.
Thin and light with a battery life that exceeds 7 hours, it has managed to squeeze a 13.3-inch screen into an 11-inch frame, proving the nigh-border less Infinity Edge display to be a design marvel. Outfitted with Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processors and lightning-fast storage and memory, the Dell XPS 13 is dressed to impress with welcome addition of a Rose Gold color option as well. It should comes as no surprise, then, that we still rank it as the best Ultrabook and best laptop overall. Have a try! Of course, best computer should goes with best program to maintain it. Here I recommend Wise Care 365 which can make it run as fast as new.
All brands in the market are pretty good.Choose your lap as per your requirement.If you are casual user go for i3 or i5,if you are passionate about gaming go for 7 series(dell),if you are developer of swift go for mackbook(mac is l’ll better then other companies in market).If you are andriod or software developer go for i7(any company) with minimum of 8GB RAM,if you take my opinion go for dell because its hardware portion is fantastic.
It actually depends on what work you want a pc for. If you want a pc for gaming, then I suggest you to buy a pc with a good graphic card. If you want it for video editing then you should go for a pc with more and faster ram as you would actually benefit from the faster speed and also a pc with an ssd would be recommend as it will increase your rear and write speeds by a huge margin compared to traditional hard disks. If you want a pc just for watching videos and browsing the internet I suggest you go for a cheaper pc and spend the extra money on a faster internet connection.
Most recommended for what ? Corporate, personal, gaming, collage, media production, or daily use? The two I would recommend would be the ThinkPad line under Lenovo for durability, expandability, and all around workhorse of a computer. For personal daily use I would recommend a MacBook Pro, preferably the 15 inch one with the HK i7. They can run Windows natively through Bootcamp so you could have both on there if you wanted . If gaming then Alienware or MSI , they are the best of the consumer gaming laptops and know their stuff for gamers.
The best PC there, by quite some margin, is a Core I9-9980XE with a RTX 2080ti GPU, 64GB RAM, MEG X299 motherboard, and an Intel Optane “supercharged" 480GB SSD, running Windows 10 Professional.
I have several computers here and right now I’m working on a circuit and PCB design for device that connects a Raspberry Pi to the CAN bus found in newer cars and many industrial applications. I’m using a 27″ iMac. I like the screen space and the fact that I don’t have to deal with MS Windows. And the seamless integration between my iPhone and iPad.
If you prefer gaming and have some decent cash to spare, go for Maingear PC, Alienware or Digital Storm gaming PCs’. If you however want a regular work/media PC, any thing like a Dell or Lenovo or HP would do best. If you are into PC builds, go grab some PC parts and build your own. Its a bit cheaper.
I personally think you should build your own pc. It's cheaper, really fun, can be better fitted in your budget and you can choose which parts you need to be stronger, but if you're scared of breaking something. I would go for an NZXT BLD they are pretty worth the money and you can choose which games you want to run, it shows you multiple models at different price ranges. I love the look of the cases. I wouldn't go for an Alienware as you pretty much pay so much just for the case. But it's up to you.
The other major change is that the graphics were previously Nvidia Pascal GTX 1080Ti and are now Nvidia RTX. Typically these would be RTX Titan, although the system in our video is equipped with RTX 2080 Ti graphics.
As PC hardware continues to speed up, so does software, and Windows 10 is no exception. This is especially true of startup time: If you upgrade from Windows 7 or earlier, you'll be pleasantly surprised by how fast your machine is ready for action. There are other performance factors to consider after you're up and running, however. Even the latest, shiniest Windows version isn't immune to slowdowns.The problem with a lot of Windows speedup stories is that they tell you to turn off some of the operating system's more-fun features, such as visual animations.
Computers slow down for any number of reasons, but most of those come down to one thing – how we're using them. On a daily basis, we download programs, install extensions, install software, surf the web, create files, save files and fill your hard drive with data, inevitably building up virtual detritus that will impact your PC’s performance.
Antivirus like Kaspersky, Mcafee consumes high memory which makes computer slow. And when they expires then they become Trojan virus which makes computer much slower. So, if you have expired antivirus installed on your computer then go and uninstall it right now.
Off topic story: At my old company we were building a 972 node linux cluster, and the boss asked how long it would take to boot. We (the software guys) said 5 minutes. 18 months later when the chip was baked, we found out a shift register was wired backwards and we had to bit-bang the initial load of the software. After much work we got all nodes booted and running in 7 minutes. This was treated with great hilarity by the rest of the company, but in fact most other clusters of that size would take an hour or two. Then in turned out the hardware and software was extremely reliable and customers reported uptimes of over a year. It hardly mattered that that a restart would take 5 minutes or 7 minutes or an hour, for that matter.
The first step in making a computer faster is to identify where the bottlenecks are which are slowing things down. There is an old saying that “all CPUs wait at the same speed.” What it means is, if the CPU is waiting for something else, upgrading to a faster CPU will still leave the CPU waiting. This really applies to every part of the computer. If the CPU is spending most of its time waiting for data to be read from the disk, a faster CPU will spend just as much time waiting for the slow disk. If the disk is idle most of the time, waiting for data from the network, a faster disk will still be waiting for the network. And so on it goes.
Your computer might have slowed down due to its storage being full, delete all the items you don't need and if you feel that all you have seems to be important I would recommend you to buy a Hard disk and shift your important stuff.
There are many options, mostly depend on why the computer slowed down. If you have a decent rig, built not so long ago, you probably have software issues - you need to do some decluttering, checking for viruses and trackers, etc. Also possibly you need some RAM upgrade - most of the prebuilt systems come with one single stick RAM - if you buy an other one and make it run as dual channel, it can speed things up considerably.
Stop all unneeded background processes. Look at the right corner of your Task-bar, to the left of the time, date and essential system icons. You will see a group of small icons, collectively called the 'notification area' or 'system tray'. Each of these icons represent a program that has been at least partially started or is running "in the background". Regardless of state, each causes a reduction of available memory and processing power, or resources. Closing, exiting or canceling any unused background process returns those resources to the system, and becomes available for use by the application(s) started specifically by the user. Go to your task manager and click on the Process tab. End all process that you can.
Since then, the around ten rigs I’ve had had been custom-built by me. I’ve been getting better at it. In the end, it brings you personal satisfaction and a better and cheaper experience, since with a bit of tinkering and a few mistakes, in the end you build things that really can last quite longer than your common PC desktop. But is just a quirk, and it’s only worth it if you’ll extract some pleasure of the process.
You need a configuration that is difficult to obtain 'off the shelf.' Frequently, off the shelf systems put you in a position of buying more than you need in some areas to get what you do need in another. You may have a need of a workstation class GPU but you don't have the need of the Xeon processor, ECC RAM and other components that frequently come in systems that feature the GPU you want (as an example.) If you have specialized needs, building your own can be the best way to get what you need without getting a lot of what you don't.
For myself, I’ve been building PCs since the 1990s, and I buy pre-built systems these days. I bought a Dell XPS desktop a few years ago, and that thing is a beast. I got it during a sale, and I don’t think I could have built something with similar specs for much cheaper, especially not after shipping.
I paired a i5–3570 with a GTX 1060 6G just to see how much better the i5–3570 was over the i5–2500. The 3570 is amazing by the way—hitting 3.8GHz about 30% of the time and still hitting an astonishing 39W ceiling compared to about 53W for the i5–2500 at 3.7GHz. Very impressed I was.
The main thing is that you can choose all of the components that goes into your PC. For example, if you for whatever reason, need to transfer large amounts of data between folders, you might want to opt for an m.2 nvme ssd instead of a slow HDD. If you want to play AAA games at highest settings, you would choose a CPU and Graphics card that is more suitable for your task. This gives YOU supreme control over what you want your PC to be the best at. (and your budget of course).
I am not a pro like Jeremy, but I use computers since 2000, mostly for office work or gaming. So is it worth building a PC? Assembling a PC yourself is always cheaper and it can also be fun if you like technical things with a little bit of tinkering. For some people it becomes a hobby. Upgrading and installing new parts is a bit similar to tinkering with your car or buying new fishing gear. It is worth if you use your PC daily and want to learn a bit more about the internals of your computer. Doing that you also can save a bit money on parts.
Absolutely! I purchased my first computer back in 1992 that was my high school graduation present. It was 486DX-50mhz. Fastest CPU of its time and even outperformed supposedly “faster” CPU’s like 66mhz and 75mhz models because they ran on a slower 33mhz and 25mhz bus speeds respectively. The 486DX-50mhz ran at a 50mhz bus speed and “rekt” those slower 25mhz and 33mhz buses when running important apps like Doom and Doom2.
Yes. You can build a PC on your own. In fact, it’s easy to build your own PC. You’ll need a CPU, a GPU, a good case, a motherboard with the right socket that suits your CPU and your case size, some RAM and SSD for storage. For additional storage, you’ll also want to add a Hard Disk Drive. Plus, you’ll need a Screwdriver(something like a Phillips Head Screwdriver), an anti-static mat or bracelet and some zip ties for cable management. These are some of the required tools you’ll need for building the PC. Some thermal paste may also be needed in case your CPU cooler doesn’t have enough thermal paste already preapplied. Even though it’s easy to build a PC, it’s always important to handle the parts carefully and install them correctly, which may otherwise lead to damage of the PC parts.
When buying a pre-built computer the company building it usually cuts corners on cost wherever they can find it. This leads to many compromises having to be made when buying at a certain price point. Funny enough though, when building your own computer not only do you get a better PC overall but you usually end up paying the same price if not cheaper than a pre-built.
Even for most use cases, building your own PC isn’t necessarily a better investment than getting a custom build from a PC specialist. The main benefit of building your own is having complete control over what components are used, and what specs you want, and it’s even easier now with sites like PC Part Picker (they come up in all my answers, but I swear they’re not paying me!) which can tell you which components will run nice together. It also teaches you more about the workings of your PC which will make it easier to diagnose potential faults in your PC before it stops working completely, and give you the necessary skills to make upgrades or install replacements yourself without paying additional labour. Also it means you don’t need to pay for Windows if you plan on only using Linux instead (or have an existing transferable license).
When I build systems these days, I ensure there’s a good solid motherboard, high quality power supply with a lot of additional capacity and a CPU with enough power to do what I want for the life of the system. I almost never buy the OMG! bestest-ist CPU. It’s not worth the extra cost unless you’re looking for bragging rights from your geeky friends.
Re-install Windows, fresh install, the best way of getting rid of everything installed, leftovers of programs and possibly virus or malware, just save all your data before that on a different place, since it will have to be formatted (Wiped).
With RAM, what matters is how much is used and whether or not the system is using something known as “paging”, where it uses part of the hard disk as if it were RAM. If paging is going on, you can get some benefit from increasing the RAM, yet it most likely wouldn’t be significant except when you are using memory intensive programs. Better clocked RAM can yield some improvement, yet only if the motherboard and CPU can take advantage of it. As at least one other person has stated, memory beyond 8 GB is probably not going to get you far. I would say that as of this writing (June 2018), anything over 16 GB won’t get you any - even a modest - performance improvement and could actually hurt you (as larger memory sticks tend to be slower than smaller ones by small amounts.).
Replace the thermal compound: the CPU, chipset & any dGPU if exists uses thermal compound to conduct heat more efficiently to the cooling assembly, this thermal compound has an age, so replacing it after few years will give you better thermals insuring lower throttling, eg more consistent performance.
Reinstalling the operating system. This will get you on a fresh copy of your OS of choice, no residual files from uninstalled programs, no completely destroyed registry, no potentially corrupt OS files, etc. You could also take the opportunity to install a light weight operating system like Linux or Ubuntu, both of which are easier on weaker hardware than Windows is. You'd need to make sure the programs you need to use work on Linux natively or through Wine, or use a virtual machine for Windows.
Over the years your laptop accumulates many operating system patches/upgrades, many software upgrades, many unneeded software programs, and many registry keys. On top of that, your hard drive has become very fragmented, meaning it has to go to 20 different locations to get the data for a single file (imagine trying to cook with the fridge in one room, the stove in another, the pantry in another, different locations for each pot/pan, and spices randomly left in different rooms).
Now seriously, it depends on how old it is. The first step is always cleaning it and replacing the thermal paste, that'll make use that is not throttling because of overheating. If after that it wont budge, I'd go with a suitable ammount of RAM to make sure that the OS isn't paging. After that maybe a better processor if you can find one and if it's not too old an SSD. Take note that an SSD won't solve your life if the busses and DMA chip don't have the necessary bandwidth to fully make use of the SSD speeds.
So let’s look at a task like web browsing because it’s very likely something people do a lot of on old systems. The most relevant pieces of hardware to the web browsing experience are the Hard drive (SSD or nowadays even optane alternatively is available for usage on modern motherboards), RAM (speed and true latency do matter here, I think 4 gigs is passable without much performance penalty but 8 will definitely be so here), CPU and architechure (likewise with ram the speed of operation and the latency associated with beginning the chain of events to carry out instructions).
Display might develop problems, missing columns/lines due to drivers separating from the glass panel or from the flexible PCB. CCFL backlight is power hungry and has a short life span.
As other answers have noted, the performance bottleneck of older computers is IO, especially to secondary storage like the hard disk. The much lower latency and higher sustained bandwidth of even SATA SSDs would provide very visibly improved performance, and should be compatible with any laptop from the last 10 years having a SATA-III connection to the hard disk.
An SSD will make your operating system boot up faster, as well as launch your applications faster. It generally makes operating your computer a much more fluid experience, but it won't drastically improve the speed of any heavy duty tasks such as editing videos, compiling code, or playing video games.
Manufacturers often use the same mainboard in a range of models, with a lot of options. The high end may have HDMI, a SmartCard slot for security, and various other connectors and options, while the low end of the range will be missing many parts from the board. If one model has a webcam and fingerprint reader, it’s very likely the connectors for them are on the boards across the whole model range, especially if they’re available as a build to order option on any of them.
Third, get a better battery. Then a better WiFi card and (if possible) a IPS screen. Then perhaps a good keyboard and/or external/internal mouse.
Memory will improve performance if you are thrashing (swapping so much the computer is spending it’s time moving things in and out of memory). This can happen if you are running many big applications. If you are just running a browser or some simple program you won’t get a big increase in performance by increasing memory (unless you have almost none). Personally, I won’t buy anything with less than 8–16 GB RAM. That’s just me.
Note: the thickness of thermal grease is as important as its quality. consider you buy “new shiny” grease twice better than old, but make it 4 times thickier (200 microns instead 50 microns, very easy). Then you get thermal resitance 2 times worse than before.
The First Answwer is the right one. Replace the Hard disk with an SSD. If you already have an SSD, then make sure it is a quality brand in good working order with up to date firmware and is not full. Any disk that is too full (over 80%) will begin to show performance degradation.
Mining Bitcoin and ultimately Litecoin on my videocard’s GPUs causes the system to run continuously at its rated temperature maximum for months at a time. In my experience running two cards continuously, I experienced fan failures at ~16 months, both cards failed within a few days. That’s not bad, considering it was over a year at 95% fan speed. Far longer than I expected. ~6 months later I had a dead card I was able to revive by replacing 3 bulging electrolytic capacitors. The same card failed irreparably some months after that. After that I pulled the remaining card and it’s now in my “TV” pc, and is only used for video playback.
If you’re mining bitcoins on a CPU you’re going to have a bad time. You want to use a GPU (or lots of GPUs, or I wonder if a TPU is the way to go? [Turns out I’m way behind - thanks Vladislav Zorov, so ignore this]).
I think it does. I ran 2x 7970 and 2x 7950 GPUs 24/7 for about a year. Mainly it is the cooling fans that fail. I had a capacitor on one card explode in an impressive shower of sparks but that could have been a short (I shorted a pci-e riser on the same card earlier). Since the fans keep the actual GPU running cool, checking the fans, replacing the fans when their bearings fail (when the fan spins slow or unevenly), and occasionally repasting the heatsink should keep your cards running for a long time.
This is the maximum size that the lithography machines can etch, and for 193i immersion steppers (what's currently used) that limit is 33x26 so about 856mm2. My guess is that TSMC has set 815 as the limit for 12nm.
On a GPU, you have these huge thick cards, but heat sinks and fans take up most of that space. The actual circuit board is quite thin. On that board, most of the electronics are power modules for getting electricity to the right voltage and current levels for the processing units. The next biggest things are the memory chips. GPUs these days have gigabytes of on board memory, that’s more or less the same as a RAM stick directly on the board. Nvidia’s chips are actually only a few cm^2 on their most powerful cards. They are bigger than Intel because they are essentially thousands of really tiny chips all placed next to each other on the same chip, so one end of the GPU that’s 1cm away from the the other end doesn’t really talk to that end anyway, so the speed of light is less important between those two points.
I worked for Univac/Sperry/Unisys for 40 years in the Twin Cities in Minnesota, sometimes known as the first Silicon Valley. Along with Control Data we competed with IBM for the mainframe business. One of our big mistakes was joining the Trilogy Project instigated by a well-known mainframe developer who left IBM. The idea was integrated circuit CPUs on a huge die. We even built a special IC foundry, such facilities are the most expensive by square foot manufacturing operations in the world. The dies were too large for quality return and the whole scheme failed. The building became an airlines IT center and is now a bank HQ. Yes, there is a point of diminishing returns for IC die size.
Another good option is Linux Mint. Linux Mint is built on top of Ubuntu (or Debian) and essentially tries to provide a more elegant version of Ubuntu. It uses a fork of GNOME 3, and comes with some proprietary software installed for easier use.
It has a steep learning curve - you wind up with a system that has no software on it that you didn't compile from source (but the tools for doing that are simple to work with). And it's incredibly non-opinionated - you can use any combination of software you can compile for it - assemble a super lightweight desktop from pieces-parts (I use OpenBox + CairoDock + Stalonetray + a few tray apps and some launch scripts for a Mac-like user experience and blazing performance) - and realize that that's all a "desktop" ever was, and you're not stuck with the choices someone else made. Want power management? What happens when you close or open the lid of your laptop is a script you will write.There never has to be a moment when you don't know what your computer is doing.
Firstly, Linux Mint is a great distro built upon Ubuntu, so if it "hangs", then probably ubuntu and all its derivatives will. Why don't you figure out what your problem is? It could be low amount of RAM and no swap space allocation. Just visit their IRC channel on freenode #linuxmint and ask the people and they will pretty much help you out. You can even find clem (The head of the linux mint project) on IRC.
Why Ubuntu (or Debian)? I really don't want the OS getting in my way when I just want to get by with my day-to-day development work and entertainment. To me, this translates to stable package management with just enough flexibility which when exercised doesn't break everything. Also, a lot of commercial software which I end up needing is conveniently packaged for Ubuntu/Debian.
Arch : Arch linux is the best distro out there if you love tinkering and hacking with your system. It’s installation process itself teaches you many things about Linux. Install this distro if you want to learn how Linux works or if you want a system thats just like you’ve ever imagined. The main advantage of arch linux is that your packages will always be up to date. I’ll recommend arch linux only if you’re an at least an intermediate user because it’s installation process is itself difficult and lengthy for beginners as you have to do most of the things manually via command line. Use this distro if you have enough time, patience and a good internet connection.
The Programmer's Toolkit : First of all essentials toolkit needs to be available for anyone planning to develop. You might want to choose the right IDE.Various conventional IDEs exist with support for C/C++, perl, python and other scripting languages. There are many to choose from and there are a lot of developer tools ranging from Emacs to Eclipse and Sublime Text which does not care about the distro but choosing a the right Desktop environment will relieve you the hassle of having to maintain it everyday.
One thing I appreciate about Debian (and, to a lesser degree, Ubuntu) is that you can every easily set up your system to work with lower level sources which are part of the distribution or available in its extensive repositories.
I can only speak to the kinds of programming I do. Little or no web related stuff, nor host-based stuff. Lots of need for cross toolchains and building those. Hands down, Debian wins (so, maybe Ubuntu, as well...). Everything new, modern and nothing out of date. Wide selection of tools and libraries, and distros that run on embedded hardware platforms like ARM.
That said, if you don't want to waste too much time to setting everything up from scratch, Ubuntu is a good place to start and then based on what requirements you need that aren't catered by Ubuntu, you can decide to switch. Ubuntu being a Debian based distribution and having LTS versions rolled out has a very wide community base and a quick Google search is almost bound to redirect to you to a solution to any issue you might face with it in one such forums.
I am an Electronics & Embedded Systems Engineer, I design electronics circuits and embedded firmware on my laptop which is running Arch Linux since probably more than a year and a half. Before that I used Fedora for about a year. The thing with Fedora was that, although I loved it absolutely and it was very fast, but it was too flaky. Things wouldn’t work quite often. Also, there was a severe lack of availability of packages in the repositories and this includes the COPR repos that I could find.
If you have a Linux distro that you are used to, such as Ubuntu or Fedora, then just get more used to it and you can make it the best, most amazing development box for you. All the IDEs that I know of are interchangeable between distros. The biggest differences between distros are their packaging utilities, and your program will be developed and then packaged in whatever install binary you need. There is no real reason to choose one over another based on the packaging utility.
However, if you just want a stable and reliable system to facilitate developing software, I'd recommend either an Ubuntu-derivative like Mint, or a Redhat derivative like Fedora or CentOS. You'll find these easy to operate and very flexible in terms of the software packages available.
I’d suggest the important things are which desktop/UI you want to use, and then decide which Linux distribution that has that desktop/UI has the easiest installation and management. Personally I use Debian Sid and Fedora Rawhide with GNOME. Many people hate GNOME for some reason, I find it great. There are though many UIs for Linux, GNOME, Unity, Cinnamon, Mate, KDE, XFCE, LXDE, to name a few. They all have their adherents and naysayers, the only way to know is to try them all before choosing – which is clearly impossible. Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora, and Arch are arguably the distributions with the largest user base and hence support base. Ubuntu and Fedora have the advantage of being the bases for commercial operations and so they get a lot of commercial input. If push came to shove I would suggest Fedora 25, 26 soon to appear. It starts with GNOME but you can easily switch to LXDE which is probably the best lightweight desktop/UI.
I have never used any Redhat based distros but I know they are used as daily driver and as web server for the longest of time now. They have a good number of packages in their repo and you can also get precompiled RPM packages if you do a little googling. There is a huge community so you will also get support easily.
A. There was a time when I used to download games (usually multiplayer) for me and my friends to play. I would go on a rampage over the Torrents and download every popular game. Soon I had 600 GBs worth of games. And that was just the first year since I got 512 kbps internet at home. I used to download new and popular games as well, even the games in their BETA versions (especially indie games like Broforce, Battle Block Theater, Speed Runners, etc.). “Broforce ” had become my favorite. I had seen it on kickstarter, but came to know that I would have to buy that game! I searched every torrent site, and downloaded it and played to heart’s content.
As an indie game developer, I abhor piracy. We work our butts off building our games and then struggle to sell them because we have low marketing budgets. Then some guy plays our game (yay, a sale!), then decides that other people might enjoy it for free and uploads it to a piracy website or server to allow others to avoid paying us for our hard work. It's hard enough as it is to make ends meet without losing sales to piracy. In AAA, it's the same story. They justify higher prices with far larger costs for big teams.
Emulators. Not as “illegal” as pirating new games because these games aren't for sale anymore and aren't being produced so it's not taking away revenue from a company. It's probably the only way to play older games besides buying a used copy off of a 3rd party seller. Classic systems and even last gen systems like NDS and Wii games are easy to set up and play and those games from the 80s and 90s. Also older PC games that aren't being sold anymore.
So much had been invested into the making these games, and it is entirely reasonable to play a specific price to avail the experience. However, various legal gaming sites allow free downloading of PC games for free.
Truth is, there are no reliable sites. All the websites I’ve found will have catches on some, if not most, games. Either they want you to take a survey and then add a crapload of extensions to your browser, or they make you download another annoying program along with the game — and then you find the game doesn’t work and you can’t uninstall the program with all of it’s pop-ups because it doesn’t appear on your computer’s list of programs.
However, before I get to this argument, I recognise that this question is tap-dancing on hallowed ground, and that I risk awakening Apple disciples. I would therefore like to begin with a clear statement. I DO understand why some people prefer Apple. Apple products work well, are reliable, seamless and don't have the same hassles as Windows based PCs. I can understand that A LOT of people just want their computer to work. They want their computer to accomplish some task - to get them from A to B. I understand why these people prefer the ease of an Apple. Everything is produced by the same company and works well together. If you plug an Apple product into another Apple product then it works. I GET IT.
I will certianly give it to Apple, that you have a guaranteed level of quality for the product you buy, drop $1000 on an HP and you could still end up with a lemon. There is also a clear advantage of reliability when the hardware and software is made by the same company.
Now with that said it also causes a very unfair misconception by general public…. Well I bought the cheapest PC i can find for $250 on Black Friday and who could have guessed it, it was slow and a complete pile of crap, but when I buy the cheapest Mac for $1300 it is good quality. Thus the only rational conclusion here is that PC = crap and Mac = good, the $1000 price difference cant have anything to do with it and it certianly cant be possible that a $1200 dell xps is better performance/quality than the $250 Black Friday special.
As my credential states, I was a video game programmer for several years. In the 1990s, few to no video game were developed on or for Macs. I also played video games, so a PC was the natural choice.
PCs offer freedom to chose your hardware and software as well as design. There are a huge range of PCs that you can choose from and yes some of them are a hell of a lot better than Macs.
As an engineering student I can't get what I want in a Apple Laptop. I bought an HP 2760p Convertible Tablet combined with Microsoft OneNote which is the premier note taking application on the market. Even if I was willing to settle for Evernote there are no Apple pen based convertible laptops.
Mac is designed for people who don’t know and don’t want to know how computers work. It works with minimal setup, and it keeps you safe from your own inept self. They make great computers for digital design professions like graphic design and film making, but they are not the first choice of most computer programmers (of course neither is windows). Anyways I’d like you to come up with a major title released exclusively for Mac. I’ll wait. If you want to play any good games, you have to have a windows pc.
Price. I am not a gamer. My work applications are not hugely resource-intensive. I buy nice little micro-PC desktops with a Core i3, 8GB RAM, 128GB hard drive for about $500. That does everything I need or want. Try doing that with a Mac! I hear arguments that Macs last much longer, and therefore are price competitive for most users, but my personal PC workstation at work is from 2011, and was $400 then.
If you are looking for brute force computing power then the 12 core maxed out Mac Pro super-workstation is your definite choice hands down. Since it makes use of the Mac OS-X operating system which is fully compliant with the ANSI-standard of FreeBSD UNIX and is fully commercially supported. Further more the Mac OS-X makes use of the MACH operating system shell that allows you to dynamically utilize all the processors on the computer at one time (if you program it properly to do so). I have also used LINUX (a toy version of UNIX designed to run on old obsolete MS-WINDOWS based PC’s). My favorite is still UNIX, since, I’ve both designed built and programmed UNIX based computers and networks for over 40 years. The present incarnations of UNIX are substantially more powerful then the original UNIX running on the AT&T 3B2 series of UNIX computers. Admittedly, PC’s are cheaper, but, you get what you pay for. WINDOWS based PC’s can neither support the fully configured high end Mac Pro’s and MacBook Pro’s that are the latest in APPLE’s line of new computers. I personally find the Mac Pro’s and MacBook Pro’s to be extremely reliable. I personally used both an 8 core Mac Pro that is maxed out and I have used in heavily for over ten years without any problems whatsoever. I had previously a WINDOWS PC that didn’t even last two years. My iPAD was cheaper than the WINDOWS PC that I used and the iPAD can run circles around the WINDOWS PC that I had (the iPAD that I use is over ten years old and still works quite reliably). Furthermore, the Mac OS-X operating system has features such as speech recognition and human sounding speech synthesis capability that is built into the operating system from its inception. This means that you will really pay much less for a brand new Mac Pro or MacBook Pro, if you are blind or severely visually impaired like I am. Furthermore, there are a plethora of software tools that come bundled into the Mac OS-X operating system and many more that are downloadable free of charge from the APPLE store. Remember that operating systems like MS-WINDOWS and LINUX were never designed to allow blind computer programmers and computer operators to work them, as a result, it will cost considerably more to make these operating system based machines usable by the blind (the Jaws screen reading program that runs under MS-WINDOWS cost $2,500.00 and that is over $500.00 more than the latest MacBook Pro quad-core computer that is maxed out will cost you. In the LINUX environment, the ORCA screen reading program doesn’t work with more applications than it really works with, hence, making LINUX based computers really useless for blind people. Most importantly, APPLE has always make all of their computers accessible by the blind and have done so ever since their first personal computer (the APPLE IIC). In conclusion, I can only restate the obvious. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. It’s that simple.
My main reason, aside from the obvious price to performance ratio disparity is that if something breaks, it can be quickly and reasonably repaired for a fair sum, with my data intact and with little to no headache depending on the component. Also, my PC's motherboard was designed sensibly, which is more than I can say about pretty much any MacBook 2013 and onward.
IMO, people buy Windoze out of ignorance. I nursed my windows computers along for 15 years, having to rebuild them periodically. What a PITA that was, even with backups to fall back on, which SHOULD have gotten me back to last week or last night, but NOOO, I had to twiddle with the registry or worse to be able to work. At home, I just want to use the machine, not fiddle all day.
Simple and short answer : for easy upgradability, quality, and for how much cheaper it can be. Mac's look great and function well but they are an apple product and therefore is expensive compared to a PC of similar or better specs. Plus, if I remember correctly you can't just build and upgrade a Mac nearly as easily as a PC.
Second, if the desire were to actually spend as much as possible, solely on a pre-built system, you’d still spend more on a Windows system, this time from a boutique maker like Falcon Northwest or iBuyPower. Spend maybe $5000–6000 on the hardware (probably including two nVidia Titan X (as of Nov.2017) graphics cards, and if a motherboard that supports multiple central processors exists, two Intel i9 Extreme Edition CPUs), and another $500–3000 on the custom paint job.
I didn't exactly. I mean, I have both. I have a 2009 Macbook running Manjaro, Linux and a 2012 Macbook Air running MacOS. But I also have a Lenovo X201 Laptop running Manjaro, Linux (used to be FreeBSD) and a Desktop PC running Windows 10 (which is primarily built for gaming and Machine Learning AI). I also have a Raspberry Pi with several different OS, and lots of other systems.
PC’s do however need security programs to be protected, and with a few exceptions, a fresh Windows 10 PC is not as well protected as it needs to be. That said, you can pick up free tools like Macrium Reflect, Rollback Rx, etc to further protect the PC. Even if you pay a premium for better programs, it’s still far less than a Mac
For "power users", it typically comes down to some piece of software they have to have which only runs on the PC. Gaming is a big reason a lot of people still have a PC. For me, visual studio & trillian are both essential apps that I keep a PC around for
Costs aside (and that is a major aside), there is great flexibility to bend a PC to your will as a "power user" that can never be achieved with a mac. Macs are designed elegantly and with lots of subtle adjustments so that the average user doesn't have to think much. A lot of it has to do what the late Steve Job's philosophy that the company should determine how you should use their products
Once you have learnt their keyboard, you can simply install a keyboard remapping tool on Windows, and remap the keys. With that done, you are just left with the options that the accessibility tool offers. Well, one can certainly live with a few options missing. When you buy a Mac, you essentially pay for a few extra accessibility options, and nothing much else. Majority of PC makers have started to offer PCs that come packaged in aluminium casings, so even that is now not exclusive to Macs. The real question, then, really becomes, why would anyone want to buy a Mac?
Software availability. Apple still doesn't get the kind of software support that Windows does. And often, Mac ports of Windows native software are buggy, which just makes it more difficult
No , not at all . People say that because at one time in history , Windows got so famous as Apple was facing a huge downfall after the exile of Steve Jobs . But now , in the time of today , Apple's Mac OS X is leading the world and amazing the computer tech community with its features and those are really cool . Microsoft is actually a bit down nowadays
Whereas PC had several photo editor, video editor, music, media viewer programs, etc., Mac eliminated all the lesser options and focused on one ultimate, perfected program for each
I actually own both. For my main computer I use is 2011 MacBook Pro, I have a custom build Windows 10 and I have a surface pro laptop. I didn’t pick one over the other. At the end of the day both operating systems does the same job, they just look different
Once, I was with one of my friends in a local fast food store, eating ‘Shingara’ (a local fast food). After that, he was admiring and telling me ‘because of those meats, it was delicious’. I was flabbergasted. Generally it contains pieces of potato inside it, with spices, vegetables or various grains. My taste was’t strong, so I didn’t get that, according to him. I was sure it wasn’t meat. But he was insisting, it was mixed with potatoes and grains. OK, next day we will see. Then the next we asked them directly, and I was right
My latest Macbook Pro is worse than any PC I’ve ever used. The lack of ports (and super cheap feeling USB-C port, which makes it come unplugged if a butterfly flaps its wings in Hong Kong), horrible keyboard, stupid touchbar, oversized trackpad with weird gestures that constantly hijack typing, and lack of upgradeability have insured this will be my last Apple product
You have to wrestle with Windows to do just about anything. But you can do just about anything. With Mac OS you never have to wrestle. You either do it effortlessly, or you don't do it at all
current robots, no. They need a lot of maintenance they are not able to give themselves, and sincethere is no real IA yet, there is no measure of “outlast” that makes sense. Sure, their physical frame and even some behaviors or movement patterns can be performed after all humans die, but without a purpose that means they are outlasting as as much as the soil or wind will, which is to say, not really
Learn coding: Start picking up at least one handy programming language. Arduino IDE is good. Python is great. C/C++ will be fantastic. My suggestion would be: Python. There are several reasons for this and later in the road map you will see why
Machine learning, pattern recognition, deep learning, reinforcement learning etc are the hot topics of the century! Take those courses. Get flexible with one of the deep learning frameworks: Tensorflow, Keras, Caffe, PyTorch etc. You will be able to do easily
Robotics is a future oriented industry. Understanding its basics is far more important than directly jumping to its applications. Once the core study is strong, innovations can be brought easily. In India, learning Robotics at your own convenience with recognised universities that have credible faculty and state-of-the-art infrastructure is tough to find. I interacted with one of the Counselors at ImaginXP who gave me an all round information about Robotics with this combination to study and to get a better insight, I have been invited to explore Future Skills at their free webinars. You can be a part of their webinars too by registering on.
Robotics is a fun way to bring STEM to life, and that’s important because STEM is the key to a successful future for students with the interest and motivation to pursue careers in this field
Programming a robot is one skillset, tweaking its code is another. Algebra makes the technical element of the process easier by enhancing your mathematical skills. Physics helps develop a working understanding of your robot and its interactions with its surroundings. Lastly, computer science is directly related to the field of robotics and so a strong understanding of the former is key to learn the latter
Note, real time applications aren’t build this way, it’s just play kit. Every thing needs to be hardwired and use controllers and ICS directly to build applications
I am no expert in Robotics but to understand the basics of the same I usually join Webinars conducted by Industry Experts. Just scratching from the start, people with experience have a lot to share. I recently came across this website ImaginXP which is conducting a big webinar on different future skills
Given the dof -degrees of freedom-(you think your robot will need in order to do an specific task) you have to make a mathematical model of the direct kinematics of the manipulator by using DH (Denavit-Hartenberg) method/algorithm. The direct kinematics will give you the position and orientation of the manipulator given some values of the DH parameters. Then you have to calculate the inverse kinematic (this is the useful one)
You could try my method. I was hired by Apple’s World Wide Manufacturing Enginnering to handle almost all the factory robotics/automation software in China and Ireland. I didn’t know a thing about it. But after four years and about a half dozen long term trips overseas I learned it on the job. Of course, I had 35 years experience, half of which was at Apple. I guess my track record spoke for itself
Then go for learning IoT : This comes as next step as now you are able to collect data on a hardware device and operate machines over bluetooth/radio waves but you don't have knowledge how two hardware devices can communicate with each other over internet, so learn IoT by using simple Arduino supported micro-controller like Nodemcu
Programming skill is important. But not as critical as you would be lead to believe. Software application programming experience is not really helpful for robotics, beyond giving you a good working knowledge of the language. A robot works on a different level than your average computer app (unless you are doing plan based robots, like CNC machines, pick and place robot arms, etc). Robots have to adapt to changing obstacles and environments, and their code has to take all this into consideration. Its not as easy as “if X then Y”. Point im getting at is you will have to learn to program differently if you want to create an interesting autonomous robot, so already being a programmer is not a major help
Although simple networks are prone to weight explosion, this sounds odd. For, as far as I know, MNIST data is already normalized, and any built-in image readers of standard NN toolkits do normalize data automatically as well. Maybe something is wrong with the normalization method you use? Could it be that you employ pixel-wise Z-score and then push it through a ReLU?
There is a lack o details in your question. We have to concern activation functions that your network employs. If it is sigmoid, then it is necessary to express the problem by numbers close to zero, because just there the gradient is significant and training would be too slow otherwise. Another aspect is depth of your network. Having more than three layers you have to use some mechanism for prevention of the vanishing gradient problem, normalization is one such solution
The most popular language in robotics is probably C/C++ (C++ is an object-oriented successor to the C language). Python is also very popular due to its use in machine learning and also because it can be used to develop
Robotics is a fairly new ground to play for Indian professionals. There are certain computer languages that one needs to learn when it comes to implementing robotics processes. In these languages, the core ones are C and C++. They help in formulating and executing basic to complex levels of programs. Apart from that, new age professionals also indulge in Python and R languages. Having an indepth knowledge about all of the languages will give you an upper hand, that’s for sure
Python is preferred for prototyping using libraries like Probst, Pyro, DART etc. Once you prototype your project. People back port their code in c/c++ for production level performance
C++ and Python are definitely the programming language that you use at the end. However, the codes for most of the robots these days live inside an operating system called ROS (Robot Operating System). ROS provides an elegant software architecture for easier robot control and planning. There are these different node programs that you write that can publish certain information that can be used by other nodes living inside ROS. For example, the localization node that estimates the position of a drone in the 3d world would publish this information for other nodes to use. A trajectory planner node can then subscribe to these nodes to get this data to evaluate the next path for the drone. Each of these nodes are simple C++ or Python codes
The programming languages used in robotics are actually the same programming languages used for everything else. This isn’t the case for all code, as some manufacturers develop their own languages to use alongside the more common ones
Java has recently drawn traction from companies to develop support framewokrs. Other small players like MATLAB and Octave are just trying to stay in the race by developing support for robotics and related platform (e.g Peter Corke’s robotics library in MATLAB) that they hope their loyal academic audience follows
Python and C/C++ are the most popular languages for robotics programming. C and C++ are popular because these languages are used in a lot of hardware libraries that are used in robotics. Compared to Python, C/C++ aren’t as simple. If you’d write the same function in C and Python, it’d be much more complicated and take longer in the first language compared to the latter.