The ongoing Russian invasion and occupation of parts of Eastern Ukraine has definitely damaged Ukraine’s economy. Until 2014, Donetsk and Luhansk regions were bringing around 15% of Ukraine’s total GDP. As a result of Russian intervention, many factories and comercial objects were destroyed by fighting and pillaging.
According to portal “League of Ukrainian real estate” , there are 371 new-built or in progress high-rise apartment complexes (was 352 in Summer), and 429 cottage and townhouses in the capital only. The apartment price on the first page starts from 42,965 USD, while Ukrainian average monthly salary is somewhat over 500 USD.
What basically means that the super-rich crooks of Ukraine continue to make bloody money, regardless of the population suffering. On one hand you see those posh houses being built.
Yes, Ukraine is spending billions of dollars on war. Money doesn’t come easy in Ukraine so they are wasting the little money they have on a pointless war they will never win. The Ukrainian military budget is $6B but the Ukrainian gdp is $152B. Ukraine has a population of 40,000,000. So that money is earned witg great difficult by millions of people who earn only hundreds of dollars each month and a large chunk like 40% of it goes to this war they won’t get any benefit from, money that could have been spent on better infrastructure, better education, etc.
Loans to Ukraine are provided from other countries. The war is now frozen, and Ukraine does not enter the territory of the militia. Basically, this is the shelling of the territory of the DPR and LPR from mortars or the seizure of small villages, as two days ago. This also affects costs. So, the war is hitting the economy, but not as much as it could.
Its the same as asking should Britain recognize knight language ?.
Ukrainian = Cossack is an invention of the 19th century, when a romantic-minded public, free from physical labor, invented different histories of nations. Then there were ideas that, for example, that the Germans are the harsh Aryans, and the Romanians are the descendants of the Romans. Well, you know all these Songs of the Nebelungs and other neo-Gothic. In Ukraine, local village intellectuals came up with the idea that Ukrainians are Cossacks. In reality, Ukrainians are the descendants of peasants. Even in the 17th century, the Cossacks did not constitute a significant part of the population.
The majority of parents don't understand that punishment is actually a poor form of discipline. It is not a good way to teach the child better behavior. For a parent, it generally comes from anger and frustration, and is a way to communicate a parent's displeasure for the child's behavior. The negative behavior will continue to occur since the consequence does not teach the child an alternative, more appropriate behavior.
Years ago, we told our kids, you can't interrupt us when we're talking to friends. But, sometimes we need to talk to you, they said. So, we created a system whereby when they need to interrupt us, they come over, stand quietly, and put a hand on our shoulder or knee.
Never a goal of ours... if you wanted to complain about a soda-straw-sleeve dart zipping past its intended target and landing in the middle of your table at the diner, I was the parent likely to treat you to a follow-up salvo. Being a Texan, rowdy suited me just fine.
I was a young single father and had a son when I was 21 (I'm 35 now). I had him half of the week every week. When my son was 3 (he's 14 now), there came a day where I was at a loss at what do when he just wouldnt listen. I ended up spanking him for the very first time and it was one of the worst days of my life emotionally. My parents had spanked me when I was young, and I vowed to never spank my son.
My wife is a school psychologist and I am an industrial psychologist, but I think that has been helpful only peripherally in raising our kids in terms of basic understanding of behavior. Most parents are clueless until they get into it, ourselves included. That said, both of our kids were first to win the "best character" awards for the first six years of their school years and we get compliments on them often. So I think we have done a good job.
There is a central irony to raising children. One of the big challenges of being a well-behaved adult is to move beyond complying with a set of rules you have learned and towards making judgement calls that are sensitive to the nuances of the situation.
To give them any X, they were asked "Would you like X?" This may sound strange to address a newborn, infant and baby in this way, but I never felt they were possessions of mine or their father's. Instead they were respected as individuals and treated with good manners. If they couldn't grasp the X I wanted to give, I asked: "Would you like me to help you hold X?" I watched their eyes. If they looked at X they got it. If they looked away or turned away from X, I put it down. And I spoke for them. I said "I see you are looking at X. I take it you mean to say, "yes, please." Or when they looked away, I said to them "you're looking away. That looks like a 'no, thank you' to me..
The secret is that the issues of discipline, self control, regard for others, fairness, patience, persistence, respect and a bunch more are all laid down as foundation in the first 5 years of your child's life.
My best advice is for the parents to demonstrate calm consistency. Say what you mean and mean what you say, so the children know exactly what to expect. Always follow through on what you said would happen (good or bad result) so then they trust and respect what you say without you yelling or repeating. Also a schedule that is normally consistent helps children to know what to do, such as having regular meal times and bedtime, chore time, home work time, etc. When there is no schedule and no consistency, chaos ensues with complaining, negotiating, and frustrations on all sides. Children need guidance and supervision to learn. Good parenting takes work.
I agree with all of the answers already written, but here's another thing that's important to know - all kids are different. I mean, they come out different. Kids aren't blank slates waiting for you to write on them - they come born with opinions, personalities, ways of expressing themselves that are different from each other and that has to factor in to how you parent them as well.
My children were rather exceptionally well behaved. Apparently, they believed I had superhuman powers. My daughter Hilary, now 30, thought I could make it rain on command, if I didn't want to drive to swim team. She told me, when she was five, that she felt like she was David and I was Goliath. My daughter Signe, now 33, would not sneak out to the mall because she assumed I knew everyone in our city and someone would report back to me. My grandson told me last year, "I heard you were tough, Grandmother. Not in a bad way, you just meant what you said." My oldest daughter appears to think I am subversive and, as a result, has rebelled by following all the rules, lol. I guess perception is something I didn't control.
Quit screaming. Go get your kid. Take that from them. Give them the threatened swat on the rear. Leave. Do whatever it is you said you would do. If you don't want to do it, don't threaten it. But whatever you threaten, DO.
When your child is unreasonable, not just misbehaving but ignoring your admonitions instead of obeying or debating you respectfully, don't treat them as a reasonable being. Stop talking to them once you're sure they're ignoring you. Switch to making them do what you asked, and make sure you do it swiftly, without emotional connection, and with as little consideration for their comfort as possible without in any way hurting them. If they have a good reason for not doing what you want, they'll soon learn to tell you with their words. It's amazing how much kids as young as three prefer to brush their teeth themselves if their parent is careful to leave only one alternative that involves the same thing they're avoiding only less fun.
Treat them from the start as people with all the rights of people. You wouldn't yell at an adult who did something against your wishes and you certainly wouldn't punish them, so why is it OK to treat children like that.
I think people don’t realize how empty South American countries are. They are huge countries with small populations.
Germany has a population of 80 million. The United Kingdom and France both have populations between 65 and 70 million. Spain is on 46 million. Italy has 60 million. There seems to be a pretty standard trend of western European nations being in the tens of millions. Even relatively small countries like the Netherlands and Belgium have over 10 million people. Right beside the UK we have Ireland. What would you guess Ireland’s population is? It’s half the size of the UK’s 70 million, so maybe 35 million? Well of course we’re talking about an answer that is surprisingly low populations, so it’d be better to low ball it. Maybe it’s at 20 million, around the same as the Netherlands? No, Ireland sits at around 5 million people (it jumps to just under 7 million if you count Northern Ireland). Looking at a population map of Europe, Ireland really stands out.
EDIT: originally this answer said “than inside the circle”, but (thanks to my weak drawing skills) the circle does include other cities like Irkutsk in Russia and Ürümqi in Xinjiang. Thanks to Gordon Chao for pointing this out. It might still be true, but it would certainly be a lot closer, and in general it’s harder to figure out population counts in an area that doesn’t follow some political boundary.
Argentina is the world’s 8th largest country, largest Spanish speaking nation in the world( yes it’s bigger than spain) area wise. And the second largest country in South America after Brazil with an area of 2,780,400 sq.km..
Why is this important? Because the global importance of Australia way outweighs the number of people. Always has. NASA beamed the 1st words from space via Australia, the UK has used Australia for 250 years as 1st a dumping ground for convicts, later to shore up the empire.
For comparison, it’s smaller than Luxembourg, usually considered right on the boundary between a microstate and a full state. It’s also smaller than Bahrain, a country less than 800 km2 in area (smaller than a large city), which is mostly arid desert.
Canada is the second largest country in the world and is the world’s 11th most influential country. It may come as a surprise to many that Canada’s population is only about 38 million, only about a tenth the population of Canada’s only neighbor, the US.
I’m not sure what the perception of the population of New Zealand is but it does have a much smaller population as compared to the two other countries which have a similar geographic profile.
Most countries in Africa, South America, Central Asia and the entirety of Australia are considerably smaller in terms of population vis à vis their size. Take a look at the pictures below where I've compared a couple of countries with my own country India which is known for it's billion plus strong population. I'd however not list Russia or Canada or Australia here, since most people already know about their tiny populations.
When I was working in TCS Trivandrum, over a breakout session, a colleague of mine had asked me if Russia was the largest country in the world, how come it was not the most populous country in the world? And not just that, it does not rank in the top 10 most populated countries in the world. Her question was why is that?.
Its area is 9,093,507 sq. KM (the second biggest country in the world behind Russia). Canada is bigger than the United States of America, China, Australia and is more than 3 times bigger than India. But Canada is just the 37th biggest country in the world in terms of the 2021 population. The current population of Canada is estimated to be 37.7 million[1] . its population is roughly equal to the population of Greater Tokyo or a little less than double the population of New York.[2] And more than half of the Canadian population just live in two provinces - Ontario and Quebec.
3/4 of the population live in cities and in central Russia. It is there that the birth rate is declining. These regions do not include any of the listed characteristics, with the exception of a decline in fertility. In other regions, this is not observed, but this does not significantly affect the fertility figures in the country.
However, change “Russia” in your question to “Poland” or “Hungary”, and it becomes more interesting. These two countries are definitely conservative, Poland is very religious (and Catholic to boot), yet they too have below-replacement birth rate. Why is that?.
Russian society is highly secular, especially compared to American society, regardless of what Russian television tells you. Many attribute that to the soviet atheist ideology, but I think, Russian society was godless, if you will, even before 1917.
If by orthodox you mean frequent churchgoers as the majority, they aren't: most Russians only mark Christmas and Easter, some try to lose weight on the Lent, and much fewer seem to pray regularly. Individualism is sadly frequent, though mentally associated with the West.
Stalin’s right hand, Lavrentiy Beriya, was a serial sexual maniac. He kidnapped, raped and killed hundreds of women. His mansion in the Moscow center is rumored to be built on their bones. This story has some truth in it, there are many stories of women disappearing without a trace after being seen with this man. And I knew a woman who managed to run away.
You may have first heard her name in the John Wick films, but she was the essence of my childhood nightmares. Her forest hut has chicken legs, and she eats misbehaving children and lost wanderers.
The whole recorded History of Russia itself creepier than any myth or story anyone could come up with. Just open the History book and read. If that is not creepy enough for you, nothing would be.
it is one of the wealthiest families in America, and their estimated fortune is $ 11 billion, placed in trust funds scattered here and there. Beginning with John D. Rockefeller, the first American billionaire who became rich after founding Standard Oil in 1870, the family worked hard to get everything they had.
We are so tiny and inconsequential in the universe, it’s not even funny.
This is how my first friend looks like. He works in a small company as a salaried worker.
In his prime days, with a simple roar, he made the whole group of wild beasts freeze in fear, but now he is in his old age. He can barely move, let alone hunt. Look at his ribs. Look how thin he is. He knows it is the end. In some way, I see the picture of this lion similar to the age-old monk. This lion is so calm and looking straight in the eyes of death. He doesn’t scream, He is simply waiting for the next minute when everything is gonna be alright. No more pain. No more hunger. He tries his best to stand. He fought a valiant battle, till the end.
Vulture scratch dead bodies to fill it's stomach after death but we are scratching living people to fill our vaults, where will we take such wealth or for whom?.
On their way, there was a river with no bridge. They have to cross the river by walk. So they have decided to walk across the river. At the same time, there was a young beautiful lady at the river side who also needed to cross the river. She asked for help to the monks. So the elder among the two, carried her on his back and helped her cross the river.
6 months passed, my brother was now 6 months old, one day my maa noticed that my brother donot responds to any visual input , whenever we swing our hand infront of him he donot respond to it , so we consulted to doctor in aiims to know what actually is the reason ...
In general terms what it has looked like for me and others is being open and vulnerable (incrementally) about my feelings towards my therapist and the sadness and fears that experience evokes in me. That is often then tied back to experiences in my childhood and youth where I may have experienced those feelings or longings before. We discuss my fears and my sadness about unmet needs from my younger years and how those unmet needs relate to my current experience of being with my therapist.
A man sees a snake dying in flames and decides to free it from the fire. As soon as he catches it, the snake bites him causing excruciating pain. The man immediately drops the snake and the reptile falls back into the burning flames.
Despite having no money,no food and no shelter this Syrian girl manages to have the biggest heart...
This is because of his power obtained since he was first elected 16 years ago. He has a shady “mafia-style” labyrinth of personal connections and deals, and he is in the middle of uncontrollable corruption circle.
Women generally think that men are more attractive if they see another woman smiling at that man.
You may think that this guy likes me, but why doesn’t he look at me, but always looks at things next to me, with a thoughtful look on his face. At this time, you can be bold Look into his eyes. If he really has a crush on you, he will either dare not look at you and his face will turn slightly red, or he must have the courage to look at each other with an expression of'Are you looking for me?'.
Confidence is everything: even money and personality is what it looks like. So, even if you are at least in front of your crush and not comfortable, pretend to be comfortable.
Girls are masters at reframing experiences to justify their actions. They said “no" based on emotion, not logic. Later, they justify that no. If the guy doesn't ask again, it's “if he really wanted me he'd ask again.” If the guy does ask again, it's, “see, what a loser! If he's so desperate he has to ask the same girl twice, why would I want to date him?”.
Never seek approval from your crush. Most people especially men will always try to act very funny to seek attention of her attention. That's for wimpy men. And they treated like clowns. Friendzoned. So sad. Be a real Man. And seek your own approval.
If a girl likes you, she will deliberately act like a coquettish in front of you. These performances are unique to girls. Moreover, a girl would only act like a baby boy she likes. The babbling noise they make in front of you is just suggesting that they like you. Like "Take a small fist to punch your chest" is a kind of coquettish performance.
But did you know that their heart is doing the same thing too? That’s because scientists found out that couple’s breathing patterns and heart rate match up when they are sitting close to each other.
We have heard this a million times and it is also scientifically proved that opposite poles do attract each other in terms of a magnet. But is it true in terms of a human being’s feelings? Chances are that you will get attracted to the very opposite person of yourself quite easily. What is it they say about chemistry? Oh yeah, it does cook up a nice reaction here.
It is scientifically proven that a woman may take up to 15 days or more to fall in love with another person, whereas a man hardly takes 8.2 seconds. Sigh! No wonder love at first sight examples are more often than not given by Men.
Never look for endorsement from your crush. The vast majority particularly men will consistently attempt to act extremely entertaining to look for consideration of her consideration. That is intended for weak men. What's more, they dealt with like comedians. Friendzoned. So dismal. Be a genuine Man. Furthermore, look for your own endorsement.
You may think that this guy likes me, but why doesn’t he look at me, but always looks at things next to me, with a thoughtful look on his face. At this time, you can be bold Look into his eyes.
If you think that giving ordinary underwear is too old-fashioned, then choose sexy underwear. Find a time when it looks like you don’t want to have sex, such as when you are eating in a restaurant, hand it to her under the table and ask her to change it in the bathroom.
It is a powerful mixture of idealization and infatuation. The brain chemicals associated with crushes can wreak havoc (or pure bliss, depending on your point of view) on a person for up to two years. If a powerful crush lasts longer than two years, it may actually be what psychologists call limerence.
Crushes often happen to teenagers and resemble puppy love. It's often more infatuation than true love and can be short lived or long term until the person reaches their 20s when the crush subsides.
Let me introduce you with the problem that emotionally destroy people in long term relationships.
Many women nowadays want love from their husbands but complain about them all the time, and undermine them.
Even though we often think of ourselves as a faithful species, we’re not the only one in the animal kingdom. Wolves, swans, gibbons, black vultures, albatrosses and even termites are just a few of those animals that find a mate for a lifetime.
Relationship does not start in the manner as you want .At earlier stage of relationship you tried too hard to appease the people you love.Later his value diminish ,some may not agree on this but this is harsh reality. At starting of relationship you ignore their mistakes but after few months you starts noticing pity things. You care about her feeling,desires and ambitions but later you only matters your priorities ,same thing happens with men also.Most of the people love but don't marry to their love.
Chemical responsible for connection is oxytocin , that’s chemical that makes you feel connection and in large doses even love.
Disgust is a true relationship killer, if somehow this happens in a relationship it is a huge red flag.
There was over 50,000 and people couldn’t breathe and some people were quite literally getting stomped on and jumped on.
Of course, dogs are really loyal animals (excluding my dog who seems to have a distaste for me) but using this pup’s appearance for upvotes is just wrong. Please factcheck before posting… I mean look that one piece of fake information has more upvotes than most of the answers I’ve seen!.
Sonu Sood Sir who helped migrants selflessly during Covid-19 without any support does not get any honor from the Central government but one who spread hateness in the society got fourth highest civilian award ‘Padma Shri’.
The Point is if she quit the glam world then why is she even posting all this. I think the religion forbids to showcase. According to Islam clicking and displaying of pictures is Haram. So what is she even trying to prove? You are religiously following your religion ..good but showing it off like hypocrite?.
All across Afghanistan, the Taliban are in advance. They conquer provincial capital after provincial capital, overcoming the far better-armed and better-trained government forces with shocking ease. Wherever they arrive, they slaughter those they consider “enemies of the people”. Among these are the interpretators who worked for foreign forces during 2001–2021.
After NASA posted a picture of Pratima and Puja Roy, Hinduphobia comments began to pour in based on their background. The murtis that they chose to adorn their workspace with became a target for Hinduphobes who criticized her religious preferences. See the below images.
Last night I took care of a drunk driver in a Hummer who mowed down children, pregnant women, the sick and the elderly on city streets. Many of these people died. Others were maimed for life. He himself is only mildly injured and will recover fully.
Today, I was at my father's shop. My dad runs a medical store. He was out for some work and I had to sit at his place for some time.
He angrily shouted at me to either charge 170 rupees or 160 rupees. I was really angry at this that I gave him a 3 rupees discount and he is still not satisfied.
I saw this post today on one of my friend’s story, and after seeing this I got furious. I don’t know why, teens nowadays think that making fun of academic students is very cool (but indeed, it isn’t). I know that things other than studies are also important, but you can’t just underestimate people who want to achieve something in their life by their academic performance. They just think that being active on social media, specially in their teens is known as being ahead in life.
Instead ,he made an effort to interview the people who are getting most affected due to the lockdown.
The worrying thing here is even Teenagers and People in their 20s actually believe that Modi is gonna give then Akhand Hindu rashtra and countries like Pakistan, Afghanistan, Nepal, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Singapore, Thailand etc will surrender to us and Dream of Hindu Rashtra will turn into reality. It would be still understandable if Whatsapp uncles in their 50s think about this but our young generation too.
When complaints bore no results, she shot a video on 16th October, and posted on social media(facebook). The video went viral the same day and the authorities redid the repair work there a few hours later.
But the problem is that when a student takes reference of these memes for their failure this makes me really angry. They think that saying “proud to be backbencher” Would make them look cool and would get them respect and attention but they don't even realise how fool and dumb they sound when they say these things.
No, I don't have a problem with Mahatma Gandhi's picture being there on our currency. It's the condition of most notes in circulation that makes me feel angry. I'm a germophobe, or so say most people who've met me. Thus as a result everytime someone hands me a tattered and soiled note or a pitch black five rupee coin I feel really irritated.
I received my Myntra order today at around 1pm(13th July,2021). I paid the delivery guy and he went. After I had my lunch,I curiously opened the package.To my surprise,the package was closed with a transparent cellotape. Back of my mind,I already knew something was fishy.
Gordon has been teaching this semester online as the COVID lockdown caused colleges to end in-classroom teaching.
What made me angry is that Rainn Wilson is right. America over the past fifty years has changed Jesus from a kind man who loved everyone, healed the sick and fed the poor to become an unrecognizable symbol of wealth and politics. And it makes me angry because it’s a lie.
Taking the example of the name of this effect, each of the members of a group of cheerleaders or "cheerleaders" enhances the beauty of the others, making them look prettier or more beautiful.
But I’ve been around for seven decades, how about you? It sounds like you haven’t yet learned that beautiful looks don’t equal beautiful behaviors.
Your premise is false, and the converse (ugly-looking people are mostly horrible people) is absolutely false, also. Please exercise some compassion and common sense before disparaging and harming people. I urge you to open your mind to a more accurate reality.
Years ago, I had a peeping tom at my apartment. After the initial shock, I called the police to file a report. Two officers came into my living room with a giant three ring binder and slapped it open. In a sea of photos, I was tasked to find the perp. What I noticed immediately was that every single man in those photos was either very unattractive or mildly attractive but disheveled with a halo of down-on-his-luck. And while I didn’t spot the familiar face who hours earlier was peering into my bedroom window, I developed a feeling of empathy for him.
Wrong philosophy. There are plenty of sociopaths, psychopaths, and narcissists who are good-looking, polite, and even charming. Don’t let them deceive you, pay attention to people’s actions, not looks or words.
This is a totally ridiculous wild generalisation. Have you ever heard the phrase “beauty is only skin-deep”? This means that a person, usually refering to a woman may be pretty but they have a horrible personality or are very fake as people. Ivanka Trump is an one example of an ugly person beneath her attractive exterior. Ditto Tomi Loren.
They are not, it is just perception. There are various physical appearance across different persons of all characters. The person happens to be single out. Some people have other qualities to cover up/make up for their flaws, in that person's case his physical appearance was not far from the character.
I used to think there was no obvious connection between the two, but then I learned about the role that testosterone plays in both physical attractiveness and personality traits like narcissism or psychopathy.
But in the middle ground your personality can draw your visage in the direction of your mind. A plain face can be beautiful if that person is bright eyed and smiling all the time. On the other side a bitter person will often make faces and distort their features the opposite way.
In my opinion, the essence of love is that you like each other. Although you have quarrels and complaints, you still hold the firm belief that you are willing to build a happy home together.
Love is our unbridled lying in the sofa in the living room. Although we are playing with mobile phones, we are embracing each other. Watch TV together and show you your shirt as my new dress.
Be mature. Handle yourself. Don't overpamper each other. Scold each other in private, say, when the guests leave and never hesitate to apologise first. Keep loving, keep growing.
I have never been in a relationship. Please read till the end if I had written anything wrong about it, you can mention it in the comment box.
I have planned things with her friends but called them that she is too tired and slept and it’s tough to wake her up so will do something tomorrow.
When fancy treats get replaced by one cup of tea, balcony/terrace & sweet nothings.
When a french court tried an Afghan immigrant 'Mohammed Arsala’ for sexually assaulting a 12yr old boy, his lawyer tried to Argue that Arsala should not be held responsible for his actions because men sexually assaulting young boys was a common practice in his homeland of Afghanistan.
Conversely, I grew up with a local and familial tradition of civic-mindedness. One was expected to help out one’s neighbors. Growing up in Vermont with harsh winters, this tradition also served a useful purpose. If you needed help you could reach out to the community for aid. But when others reached out, you were expected to pitch in too. To this end, I have participated in two barn-raisings, which seems almost unique amongst men my age. I have further continued to maintain this tradition throughout my adult life, and I see no reason to change.
If there is a benefit in something, whether it’s tradition or not, carry on doing it, else drop it. If you’re going to follow a tradition do it for the benefit, not for the sake of the tradition.
Most people in my family are not very religious. Yet at Christmas (or around that time), we meet up each year, it’s tradition.
We should do things because they have merit, not because we should be condemned to repeat the ignorance of past mistakes.
Very much so. It’s a capsule of collective learning through thousands of years of trial and error. Today we write our laws down and have a reason for each of them. Tradition is the same. Sometimes they seem hard and archaic. We even go a step further and believe their age makes them less relevant. But the people before us were human too, and if they decided to govern themselves in a harsh way, they had a reason.
If you decide not to rely on it in any way, you are essentially forced to re-invent the sum total of human civilization in your single lifetime. This is not merely impossible: if you decide to do it, you will find that your energy is largely spent re-discovering the past as opposed to charting out the future.
When viewing many different cultures, it is obvious that some traditions from civilized groups are important and should be given on to the next generation. Some other traditions are from primitive and in some cases mentally ill groups and should be discarded. Sometimes, when viewing a strange culture, a group will exaggerate and ridicule that tradition, and make it sound terrible, when it is not. So it is important to just view and comment on your own traditions and not those of other cultures.
The etymology of the word, as is often the case with concepts like this, is probably the most important clue. The word "tradition" comes from Latin trans- "across" + dare "to give," which combined to form the word tradere, meaning "to deliver," with secondary meanings such as "to communicate" or even "to unintentionally give away information," like the word "betray" in the sense of "His body language betrayed his true feelings.".
In the Hindu philosophy, the cow is sacred because of three reasons. One, it feeds on grass which itself is a regenerative source of raw material. Two, the cow gives milk freely regardless of who the person who is milking her is. She doesn’t discriminate. And three, the gift of a cow — go-daan — means the person who owns a cow doesn’t have to depend on anyone for fuel (cow dung) or food (milk). Thus, treating the cow as a sacred animal was (and is) belief driven.
Traditions are passing on the knowledge to next generation. I feel good and relevant traditions are important to keep the important information about ourself and our ancestry while the irrelevant and allogical (to present time) are only good to be discarded to keep the value and worth safe.
Traditions are passed down and continued precisely because they have value. They would not have become traditions if people of the past did not find value in them. It doesn’t mean they will always have value to future generations though.
Taking care of children, the sick and elderly, finding and cooking food, building shelter, recording History, teaching social skills, taking care of nature, and learning from mistakes are important traditions.
It is important to the society for the people get a glimpse of how life used to be before the storm of technologies, modernization and everything else came. Cultural traditions play a significant role especially to the younger generation, allowing them to take a breath from the high standards and extreme pressure of today’s society. They also hold genuine identities and originalities that will provide help to break through the counterfeits of fraud, and make a diversion to the influence of this constantly changing era.
Of course it is - or rather, they are: traditions are multiple. Another name for tradition is culture, or “the way we do things around here” - for any values of “we” and “here.” When in Rome, do as the Romans. OR be prepared to take the consequences. which will be varied, but mostly negative: you will not be understood, your motives will be questioned, you will generate disagreements, what you think is trivial could well be a major matter, and you will be in the wrong - aha, ecco polizzia - try to explain it to them !.
Tradition is part of carrying on rituals that were deemed of importance from long ago. But the more we advance as a race , the more we break from original traditions and in so doing recreate traditions to fit our modern time. An example is marriage .. 15 years ago gay marriage was not recognized as a legal due to the traditional sense of marriage. Now it is recognized in our society.
People use different ways to convey their message to everyone Sometimes by order and sometimes by request but what did the member of Mexican parliament done was truly unexpected and definitely it makes the worth of his words.
There was a tall, lanky fellow who always wore long sleeves and sat down the table from me in engineering class. He didn’t talk much, had a strange sneeze and mostly kept to himself.
A few years ago I was with the almost billionaire that I have mentioned in some other Quora posts.
“It’s in the eyes, Asim. I could see them sparkle when he was listening, learning. I can sense he’s hungry to know more. The intelligent person knows the power of knowledge and so hungers for it, is excited by it.”.
These people are not naturally more intelligent. They’re better learners which makes them more intelligent.
The voice seemed familiar and his parents were yelling at each other. He asked them to sit back in the car and we drove back to home.
Say to the person something that would challenge his/her beliefs, such as, “I think the global warming is a hoax”, or “I think Trump will be a great president”. An intelligent person will respond with questions. They will ask: “What made you think so?”, and listen patiently to your arguments. An intelligent person will challenge you with questions: “Have you thought about this?”, or “Are you familiar with this research?”.
If I tell someone about an interesting article I read, most people will ask me if I read that magazine a lot, or tell me about someone they know who also reads that magazine. An intelligent person will ask me about the content of the article. A very smart person will add something relevant that they have read. An extremely smart person will make an observation about the subject matter that no one has even considered.
Because the profoundly gifted process information so quickly, they absorb large amounts of factual and observational data and are capable of understanding abstract connections and patterns. If you get one going they will quickly leave you scratching your head trying to catch up. Luckily, most are very kind and if they have the time and patience will let you ask stupid questions to make sense of what they are saying.
I’ve been lucky enough to have known a lot of truly brilliant people who have accomplished great things in the world. I’m not sure how many of them even know their IQs, but (with a couple of weird exceptions) they certainly don’t go around bragging about it. If anything, they think it’s kind of funny, or part of a story about how they ended up in some special program as a kid — or didn’t, because they tested low.
An intelligent person should be able to use the knowledge he has to solve problems. Problem solving is a critical skill that tells how intelligent someone is.
I don’t think you can — not easily. For every criterion that we associate with high IQ, there are exceptions. For one thing, many people with high IQ’s have become accustomed to hiding their intellect. But, for what it’s worth.
I’m reminded of a funny story about some professor at Cambridge—I don’t know if it’s true, but I read it in the internet so it must be true.
The other is just there listening and making a huge effort to understand. Every now and then, he asks the explainer about something he said, or he rephrases or reframes what he heard to see if he is understanding correctly. He might even ask how the explainer came to that conclusion.
Here are some characteristics I have found in the very high IQ people I’ve met although these are, of course, generalizations that will have some counterexamples. High IQ people are.
Sometimes, for example, Mensa members are really insulted because people believe they are obsessed with bragging about their IQ. In fact Mensa members tend to be the last people on earth who'd do that, in my experience. It's more that they feel they don't fit anywhere, and a high IQ has actually caused them some issues. Mensa meetings are often a great place to meet the most diverse, down to earth people you'll have met in a long time.
Nobody had to tell her that she lacked intelligence, she already was aware of it, and this is how she knew: People are social creatures. They get together in groups and talk and joke around. My sister would be sitting with a group of kids and somebody would crack a joke and…. everybody would laugh. Inside, my sister would think and think about that joke, and just not understand what was funny. But she’d laugh anyway, because the first couple times it happened, and she didn’t laugh, somebody looked at her and commented that “Kat didn’t get the joke!” and the laughter would change into something that just made her feel bad about herself.
You need to observe and look for following traits. Your observation of them should be deep and detailed and not just cursory. List their characteristics you compile from observation and then compare those with following and see how many traits match. If someone has all or most of these traits, you can easily consider them to be very intelligent. But for most part you need to look for the level of awareness in them. Best measure of intelligence is the level of awareness.
Many people's thinking is not logical, it is scattered, it is dotted, it can not form linear logical thinking. Linear logical thinking is the first step of basic logical ability, basic thinking ability, basic wisdom and basic intelligence.
There was this girl in class who could’ve been a poster child for ADHD (“Did you hear that about… omg such a cute butterfly… so, we should instead go and… but what is for dinner again?” — all that within a span of about 3.7 seconds.) Most people didn’t think much of her, but we were pretty close friends so I had a good idea she was a lot more than she looked. One day, the teacher cracked a joke. She started laughing at it a good half second earlier than anybody else. I took that as proof that my suspicion about her intelligence was correct. I never had to revise my opinion.
Truly intelligent people are not irritated or offended by less intelligent people. They recognizing that all populations are naturally comprised of people with ranges of intelligences, upbringings, and experiences. In public they may poke gentle fun at a truly stupid idea so as not to embarrass its author. In private, they may suggest alternatives to a stupid idea.
It is easy to confuse intelligence with credentials (academic qualifications), knowledgeability (knowing a lot), learnability (ability to learn new things), and passion for abstract thinking (interested in meta-cognitive reflection, etc.) I know of many people who went to top universities, who excelled in international tests and state exams, who did very well professionally, and pursued high ranks in academia. But to me, all of these are not definitive hallmarks of a person's intelligence: if you are lucky enough to have above average cognitive ability, a high amount of drive, and was born in a supportive environment that encouraged learning - all these traditional indicators of intelligence would not be hard to achieve.
They don’t talk about how much they know - It was perhaps the Buddha who said “Those who speak do not know, those who know do not speak.” The more you learn the more you understand how little you know. A solid mark of an ignorant buffoon is their willingness to tell you how much they know about something. Intelligent people tend not to pontificate (ironic then that I have so many Quora answers).
Usually highly intelligent individuals will not be boasting about it. They may be the most quiet ones in the room. When they do speak, they are clear and concise and use a good vocabulary. They don’t try to speak so that other people can’t understand them. They can explain ideas simply because they understand it so well. They don’t try to make others feel stupid for not knowing something. Hi IQ people do read a lot of a wide array of reading materials. They are constantly learning something new.
Keep in mind not everyone stays in one 'lane' all night but yes you can tell if you're surrounded by morons by the substance of the information they're passing along.
Well, being that I am a 60 year old man who is in decent shape, I think I can offer you some information. First, we, well me anyway, think about sex. First and last thought of the day. That's been the case since I was 12 years old.
My father is 87 years old and still in good health, except for his eyesight. So I think about what I would like to do for the next 30 years (and I take the vitamins that will preserve my eyesight..
Some 60-year-olds think about their mortality. They see death approaching and they panic. They divorce their devoted wife who has put up with them for 35 years and seek out a pretty young gal who is willing to act like an air-head and be arm candy in exchange for nice clothes and some jewelry. It’s pathetic.
Am I going to be able to get out of bed today :) I think about the same things I’ve always thought about, women, sex, what’s going on with my job , what’s going on with my hobbies, what is my workout body part tonight, man I wish I could win the lottery and retire!! Then I think about my bucket list and what I would do with some of the money after investing most of it. How are my kids doing and what’s going on in their life. Damn, where did all the years go. It seems like yesterday I was sitting in High School and thinking the year 2000, seemed like an eternity away. Wow did that come and go fast. Just a few things a 60 year old thinks about.
I’ll quote Hasan Nisar Sahib, “ You have used all your 500 and 1000 bill and only change is left”. I don’t plan anything. I’ve seen enough of the life in this world. Come to a point where I think I am nothing. Everything is happening as preplanned . I’m just here. Mother Nature have blessed me more than I deserve. Sometimes get upset by thinking about the minor (no major) errors happened in life and feel responsible for that. Jesus said that kingdom of God is in your heart. True. You are the victim, prosecutor witness and Judge. Only you know truth about you, no one else knows. I’m not in a hurry to leave but ready to leave this world any moment. Have no enemy. Don’t feel jealous for others prosperity but feel little worried when arrogant people prosper. Let me stop here and take a break. Rest later on……love y’all.
This would be an impossible question to answer because every person varies as to how they tolerate things so me being a female I may tolerate something like this way but you the wife might tolerate it a different way. It’s really going to depend on how each body reacts to whatever it’s doing! For example I have depression and anxiety I’ve had it since I was 18 that may alter me and not alter somebody else in that department because I already suffer from that so my body is more susceptible to being altered may be before somebody else’s who might be perfectly normal in that department.
Yesterday, in Portmore, Jamaica, a 20 year old female's body was found, dead, near a fishing area, with a rope around her neck, and some of her garments missing, including her underwear.
Yes. It is possible to transmit it orally. It may be communicated by kissing or sexual intercourse. Transferring in this manner does not cause the receiver to get high, but it does enter their system. The quantity conveyed varies depending on how it is done and how long a person is exposed. The quantity transported in certain circumstances is so little that it is undetected. In certain situations, it might result in failed drug tests.
No so what if you know your triggers they will not stop the emotional responses. Im going to give you the process to heal. I would say first express the memory as art draw it. That will trigger the trauma. Now create an experience that contradicts the traumas expectations. “Due to the entirely nonverbal nature of the limbic brain, experiential rather then cognitive methods are required for successfully engaging and changing its schemas.” (Ecker, B., 2011). “A dynamic neural process now known as reconsolidation can actually unlock the synapses maintaining implicit emotional learnings” (Nader, K., et al. 2000). (Pansskepp, J., 1998). The amygdala compares current perceptions to these attachment related implicit memories triggering a self-protective response. When the child is at his/her worst behavior an opportunity for healing is created only if caregivers understand what is happening as a process. One can see how difficult this can be because the normal response by caregivers is counterintuitive. So then what is the solution?.
If you aren’t into standard techniques you may want to look at hypnosis, it works well for PTSD and it doesn’t take years. There is a technique of repeated exposure until a person no longer responds to the fear trigger, however this is more common for phobias than PTSD and isn’t universally liked as it works sometimes but far from all the time. A phobia can be instilled without an experience (ie a parents fear) PTSD always has a muscle memory attached and that is what needs to be dealt with.
Exposure therapy can help in some cases, but can also exacerbate the issue if not done correctly. Honestly I would seek cognitive behavioral therapy- you can actually get a lot better.
Hi Shania, it’s an extremely good idea. Lean in. It’s a tough time for people trying to find therapists, and even harder when it comes to PTS (I leave the disorder part out because it is a natural development from trauma). You can even do EMDR yourself, there are YouTube videos, it’s a brilliant technology (requiring no actual technology) based on cross neural patterning. You know how taking a long walk can help process? It is the same principle. It’s certainly far from ideal, you could really benefit from having a compassionate witness involved, but absolutely yes you can examine your triggers, and if you lean in and challenge yourself, you can definitely make inroads.
If you have never been to a group meet up for PTSD, you should go a few times. The people there will understand what you are up against better than anyone else could. They might not be of too much practical help, but sometimes you just need people on your side.
People do weirdest things most of times knowingly but also many times unknowingly because they never expected that it could be happened in such a way. So always be aware from such insane activities.
I think this was the most enjoyable thing that we all have done in our childhood when there was Facebook or other social apps were newly created and we don't have much friends over there so we started creating fake IDs mostly people created fake IDs on the name of girls because everyone wanna be the friend of girl not a boys so now when I remember those days of my childhood that's truly made me a smile and happy moments come in front of my eyes.
How weird is it that people are getting enjoyed by being roasted and saying to others please roast me, it's so weird but also common now a days because by getting roasted Maybe they feel happy and a smile came on their faces by reading such funny lines about themselves.
Mostly actresses got stuck by their openly views or opinions about different controversial topics but it also happens due to the jealousy of other personalities such as the Queen of beauty the gorgeous Bella Hadid. That's always comes on news for her perfect looks.
I don't like such people who are just made for criticism and degrading the people to do not achieve their goals and dreams such as this gorgeous and sexy lady who is underrated icon, Jennifer Coolidge and her super performance that won the hearts of her fans and lovers.
Art is the one of the best descovery of hundreds and the thousands of years in the history cause the best artist and painters were always been admired in the history and the made shocked everyone by the precious and priceless statues and paintings that have ever made. There are hundreds of shocking facts and myths in the history that people believe blindly. So the image below itself shows the historical fact.
These visuals are really shocking to me that what type of minds were there in old age cause all the amazing arts, calligraphy and such a unique architecture of different shapes and statues made us amazed the life of that time and the rulers who ruled and did their best in the past history.
First off, he probably won't. Kids these days live in a very different world from the one we lived in as kids. My son is 12 and has very long hair and long nails. Nobody teases him, but adults often mistake him for a girl, and you know what? He doesn't care. Because he knows that there is no such thing as girl things and boy things anymore, and even if there were, there's nothing shameful about being “girly” because girls and boys are equals.
Long hair isn’t really “girly” anymore - but it is his hair, his choice. Let him grow it out and IF he actually does get teased, and it bothers him so much he can always get it cut short if/when he wants. It is JUST HAIR - whatever is done with it, it will always grow back. My 17 year old has worn his hair long for the past 3 years or so, and he has never been bothered by such teasing. Teaching your son to love himself and be happy with who he is and how he looks, and not be bothered by other people’s opinions about such shallow things will be better for him than just telling him to avoid doing things because he “might” get teased about it.
Well im a 26 year old man with long hair that goes down to around the middle of my back and I've worn it in almost every different way imaginable, ive even worn loose pigtails before and im a perfectly straight male so i know how bad the teasing can get. However, you must not lose sight of what is truly important here, the question, is your son happy doing what he does? If the answer is yes, then don't try to change him, be there to support him in his decisions.
You should see the quelling looks he gives guys who give him a hard time about going into the men's bathroom - he's definitely a boy. Indeed he will wear things simply to annoy guys who give him a hard time about it - you don’t like this? Wait until he shows up tomorrow with his skateboard, basketball and a purple unicorn shirt. I know he does it intentionally cuz he tells me about. He thinks the reaction of the men being even more annoyed is funny and likes annoying them more for being jerks.
Long hair isn’t girly. Let him grow his hair long. All you’re doing is perpetuating out of date stereotypes. And if he get teased, let him. It thickens the skin. Be a role model and don’t tease him yourself. There is no gendered hair style. Hair is just hair.
I have always believed in letting the kids, have the hair they want, as long as its neat and clean and looks like its been cut recently . Its really not harming anyone, and I think it violates them, when they are forced, to cut their hair, when they don't want to. They need to be respected as people. Their are more important things to worry about.
My son wanted to grow his hair, at about the same age. The mullet was in then and he grew his hair. He also got called a girl, his hair was white blonde and curly had beautiful hair. He did cut his hair after that, but it was his choice. I always let my son do what he wanted with his hair, its only hair and it grows back.
My mother always kept my hair very short as a kid and I hated it. Kids need to be individuals and make their own choices.
As a parent, it your job to teach your child how to manage opinions that don't agree with his without allowing them to effect his self esteem or confidence. You can tell him that he may be teased, but also help him come up with responses to being teased because teasing a male for having long hair is closed minded and an antiquated social view. You can encourage him to be who he wants to be no matter what others think of him. And you can prepare both of you for the responses from the people who love it.
I’m sure other boys might side-eye his long hair. But as a youth in that age range I was far more into boys who grew long hair. Almost all my young lady friends agreed, as long as the long hair was kept and washed it added incredible appeal.
That’s gonna be tough to sell, since almost no one will actually see it as “girly”. Back in the sixties, when long hair on a dude kinda meant something culturally, the only criticism I got was from adults, whose opinions I didn’t really care about. “Who cares what the squares think?”, pretty much summed it up for me.
I suggest not making fun of him for having girly hair. Growing your hair long takes a lot of patience. And he’s probably just testing his limits with you and how much she can get away with and have control of. I suggest being supportive of it in a sense that you’re not telling him that he can’t do it but you’re putting it on him. My guess is that he’ll grow tired of it sooner rather than later. Tell him that if he grows it long enough he’s got a Jerry curl it, then tell him how luxurious it is every time you see him. Say “ damn son those Jerry curls look real nice. Real Lionel Richie, Real luxurious. Damn I’m not jealous.”.
I'd just make him reconsider having it by joking with him! Just be sarcastic and say something like “oh right! You planning on becoming the next model for a Loreal tv advert are you”. He'll either see the funny side and just accept it and move on or he'll have second thoughts haha.
My grandson has had long hair since he was very young because he likes long hair. It was getting quite long and straggly (he is 12 now) and I have told him that it is too long and to trim it. He has been mistaken for a girl a few times, usually by older ladies. I’m sure he gets teased now and then in school but he does not let it bother him since he knows what he wants and is self-assured. He has lots of friends and usually makes friends instead of enemies. I’m also sure he has been bullied a few times, but he stands up for himself.
My 12 year old brother has hair almost down to his collarbones. He isn’t teased at all. In fact, the other kids think he looks hip, and I agree. He’s been teased a couple of times but the majority of his friends love his hair. As for the times he’s been teased? He doesn’t give a flying crap about it. Some kids just aren’t phased by a little tease here and there.
If you are struggling to acquire a reply for How will the coronavirus affect the world economy? this after that you can stop worrying. I have seen this questions next many times in the hours of daylight in Quora. The solution is easy you can use this tool to acquire the results.
I started my business 27 years ago. We survived the 1994 economic crisis in Mexico, the 1997 crisis in Asia, the Y2K crisis, the 2001 Dot Com bubble, the 2008 financial meltdown, and many political crises along the way.
The supply chain beginning in China has been temporarily disrupted. Those impacts, which began in February, will take about three months to be felt here in the US. That puts the first pain in May, even if the virus disappears by then. For somethings, like washing machines and furniture, it may not be so incredibly bad as those purchases are non-perishable. But if you are a store that sells “N” units of those products and you can no longer get them, then you’re next step is to cut back on labor you don’t need to sell, deliver, install and maintenance the product. And that’s just for non-critical items.
There are two ways. Inflation and sovereign debt. First means a lot of pissed off people losing their savings. Second is even worse meaning hyperinflation because entire governments can collapse… But it can go both ways simultaneously as well… and to describe that I’d like to share a revelation if I may.
If you are not hibernating in a cave, you can already see many impacts of the virus. There has been and will be massive unemployment as people pull in their horns and stop going out in public. All kinds of economic production will be disrupted, and buyers will not have money with which to buy.
India's manufacturing sector have come down from 12% to 0.5%. Indian textile industry has played a vital role in decreasing the economy of India and I would say the government is ignoring the slowdown in our core sector.Wait I have a proof.
Some people will blame demonetization and GST. Not me. The adverse effect of demonetization and poor GST implementation are now irrelevant. They are history. And so are Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi, in case you are looking in the past for someone or something to blame.
Every economy has its cycle for expansions, troughs and recoveries. In Indian case the typical recovery cycle is 3 years long [12 quarters] and the most recent recovery started in the mid of 2013. After 3 years, in mid 2016 we reached a peak in growth and there is a drop in growth.
Yes you read it right because a section of media which has lost its credibility on many occasions is hell bent on creating a impression that Bharat is suffering from a slow down. They are peddling the nefarious agenda of many different players.
Media does not point out that this year in March 2019, highest GST collection was recorded but a comparative reduction is made a sensational headline.
Look at the epic reaction of the members on the Treasury Benches in the Rajya Sabha when their own finance minister Ms.Nirmala Sitharaman was trying to make some forceful points.
I want to ask the government about the economic mess, not Ram Mandir, Hindu Muslim, Cow, Lynching....but only and only about the lies that were told on the economic front? GDP, Joblessness, Industrial distress, NPA's?.
As a result, prices are escalating quickly (which is good for some of us), but personally, I sense something is getting out of control.
If you look at history, that has always happened, even after the Great Plague which killed over half of Europe. But which economy? And for how long?.
Well let’s spend some time on the premise of your question, as I don’t believe that with 88,000 US coronavirus deaths (and counting) and 36 MILLION unemployed Americans that the coronavirus will “blow over”. Even if there was a “summer miracle” as President Trump would have you believe (“It’ll just disappear.”) or that they’ll be a readily available vaccine by election day, sorry to burst your bubble, but it just ain’t gonna happen! As for the economy booming, I’m no F&B economic expert, but when restaurateurs tell me that they are working on very slim margins and need to fill their seats to at least 80% capacity to be profitable and cover expenses, I find it very hard to see them staying around with only 50% maximum capacity. And what about all those smaller F&B outlets that somehow had to fire all their workers and somehow weren’t able to tap in to our government’s PPP program, they are already history, no money to pay the lease their businesses are already gone forever.
trump has been trying to convince voters that the US economy will bound back "like a rocket," more robust than ever after the battle with coronavirus. Conversely, there is an explanation as to why economics is known as the "dismal science." There are developing signs that any recuperation will neglect to synchronise the speed and gravity of the economic breakdown that occurred in barely a few weeks.
However, here's the tricky bit: who will benefit, and who will lose? In the wake of the Great Recession, we saw strong, consistent, gradual recovery that left behind those without postsecondary educations and communities of color and rural communities.
The US economy generates roughly $2 trillion per month on average in overall economic activity as measured by GDP. The Wuhan virus panic impacted about 40% of the economy for a period of what will hopefully be about four months - this is roughly $3.2 trillion in lost GDP. In a sense, what we’ve done is taken the US economy back to the size it was under George Bush - virtually all the growth since then has been wiped out.
Economic growth has essentially stopped. The whole world economy, outside of essential services like food production, healthcare, etc., has essentially stopped. All sorts of new business launches, new products, new services, stopped. Businesses have laid off billions of people worldwide, and people are living off savings or emergency government relief funds. Virtually no one is buying cars, houses, computers or much of anything beyond necessities like food. I’ve bought gas for my car twice in the last two months. Restaurants are essentially closed.
What you and I think doesn’t matter, it is only what those political masters think that matter because they are the ones with their fingers on the nuclear button which makes all of us go ‘BOOM’. And hands not just on the nuclear brief case, but the world’s most dangerous secret biowarfare laboratories creating Frankenstein viruses, which can threaten all humanity. As David Ellsworth said in one of the answers to this question: “It is sad to be living my final years on this earth with such a virulent plague, but I see that this may be a final evolutionary force to ensure the future unity of the world civilization.” Please read his answer. But there are people like Senator Marsha Blackburn, part of the political establishment who wish to lay the blame on other state actors without answering questions laid at their front door. The world will not be the same again. Now is not the time to blame but to work together, everyone is on board this ship.
Whether its a boom or not is very dependent on external factors as well, as our internal politics. Personally I'd be grateful to see a steady but strong increase in output and trade.
There are a lot of aspects to that question. The most obvious is that if you’re going to compare the statistics to when the country was mostly closed, yes, it’s going to look like a boom. But if you’re going to compare it to it’s highs, no, it’s not going to even make it to the same levels. The stock market will go up, many big corporations got money they really didn’t need and they’ll now have more of a cushion, their cash on hand increased and they didn’t need to do more with it. If they spent it on their laid off workers, the workers already had money and won’t make much of an impact when they go back, some of course already did work from home. For the largest amount of people though, they lost money, they’ll not be having a large amount of disposable income. Some might be afraid of spending the money they do have, fearing another spike in covid cases. I don’t see some massive spending campaign going on just because the lockdowns end. Money that’s not there isn’t going to magically appear, and the first of their income will go to rent, mortgage, taxes and utilities. Not new cars.
Second, there will be a withdrawal from globalism and the efficiencies it creates economically. Many economists believe that the Great Depression lasted as long as it did because of a withdrawal from globalism, and I don't see how we avoid a second run of that. There are problems with globalism, but it does create economic efficiency.
Apart from that, we have a new vision of economic growth. We’ve left behind a strategy of reduced regulation and reduced oversight, and have entered a political era where the more decisions we make from the top, the better. They will throw money at politically popular but economically unproductive projects, and those industries connected to their donors. They will raise energy costs. And they will impose top down rules an businesses nationwide in order to achieve politically preferrable outcomes.
It is certainly looking primed to do so. Not only were black employment numbers up in May, but the Dow Jones was over 27,500 yesterday, and the NASDAQ closed at 9,900 setting a new record on the tech heavy index, and bounced above 10,000 for the first time ever for a portion of today, closing up 29 points at 9,953.
My opinion: It will recover, not boom. People will remember, especially those who lost jobs and those that succumbed to the virus. They will watch their spending more closely. This is already happening in China. The Chinese government is reducing taxes to encourage spending, but it is not happening. The world will do the same. The question now is whether the recession will become a depression.
The recessions in a capitalist economy are caused by the generation of the so called Surplus value. What that means is that the system produces goods and services in excess of the purchasing power of the masses and the result is excess inventory of unsold goods and services. At some point the inventories become so large that production has to stop or slowdown. That leads to lower economic activity, lower output from both manufacturing and service sector. That in essence is what we call recession. Once the inventories are reduced the economic activity resumes to its normal level.
I think it’s going to take two things for our economy to really get going again: First, people are going to have to feel safe and that’s going to take some time. I don’t give a rat’s ass what any politician says, I’m not going to a football game nor am I allowing my kids to go to a concert until this thing is absolutely under control.
The world has completely changed, there will be no more growth for the sake of profits. If we are lucky, we will receive that which is necessary to sustain a normal, basic existence and no more.
Our economy depends largely on consumer demand. We save very little but we spend a great deal. When a consumer demands a product, the ripple effect goes through the store owner, wholesale supplier, manufacturer, raw goods suppliers and so on. Everyone gets paid along the way and they in turn demand groceries, other consumer goods, etc. All of these people are employed and earn income which they spend in part on consumer goods.
I think people will flock to restaurants, theme parks, night clubs bars, movie theaters as long they are open and safe to do so. People are exhausted of being told what to do and not able to do the things they enjoyed pre covid. Personally I can't wait for a safe trip to vegas and a concert.
Probably no, as the global delivery chains are broken. Tourism is far away from recovering and most restaurants, hotels, airlines, airplane manufacturers and car rentals will not survive. Automotive is in a big mess. Who is willing to buy a new car in the near future? That means that many suppliers of car manufacturers will commit bankruptcy. But without supply and without customers, car manufacturers cannot produce cars.
Most of Europe has been completely static since then. But not the US, interestingly enough. The US has a special economic position other countries lack. It controls the world markets through its massive military with 800 military bases overseas, as well its world reserve currency, allowing it to print money to pay for things almost infinitely as the demand for the currency always is far greater than its supply. The US can pay its way out of crisis that other countries can’t, and squeeze more resources out of other countries in a way other countries can’t.
First, Covid-19 isn’t just going to “blow over.” It is going to take a combination of vaccines and more effective treatments to bring it under control, and that is going to take time and effort. It is possible that by Q4 2021 the virus will be under control enough for the economy to begin the process of rebounding.
Under normal circumstances, there’s a bounce after a pandemic (think, “roaring twenties”), however this time the USA was already on its way to a major economic crash (think 1873) and Covid wasn’t even the trigger - there were already signs of major economic problems by December 2019, but Covid and the intransigence of the US Federal Government (along with many state governments) in dealing with it have guaranteed that things will be even worse than they could be.
For an economy to “boom”, consumers need money. And not just “some money”, but enough money to pay all the bills and have “disposable income” left over. And what enables consumers to have that kind of disposable income is a steady, profitable income stream… typically the kind of income generated by lots of good-paying jobs competing and paying top dollar for workers of all types.
The government is actively suppressing the free market, but its just muffling an ongoing boom. What, like people would just stop and give up?.
Some people are so afraid of catching the virus that they won’t drink alcohol from a glass that someone drunk from minutes before even knowing that it was been washed, other will refuse to go to hotel who look dirty. so on so on… people will be afraid.
Yes, populations are growing and therefore demand (for many products and services) will increase. It might, however, take a while (up to a couple of years) to stabilise and fully bounce back.
Economies tend to have recessions every 8–12 years or so. We’ve had I think 12 recessions since the Great Depression (feel free to fact check me on that). We were likely due for a recession between 2020 and 2022. I think it’s inherently good that this recession was self-induced rather than the result of a burst bubble. Why? As a result of the measures taken, I think going forward virtually every business is going to be looking to really protect themselves and make long-term plans. I think businesses are going to be looking to new ways to deliver their product or service. I think the cash injection into businesses now rather than a more crony version after a burst bubble type recession is better. And I think honestly it’s better for civil and social purposes that this recession is mostly seen as being nobody’s fault. In other words, if you had to pick a recession, you’d pick this one over a comparable one resulting from bad business practise. Because it’s self induced, the recovery basically begins as soon as the government ends lockdown. It isn’t like 2008 where it’s a more wait and see thing. When people are allowed back to work, the country can start being productive again is when the economy will start to pick up.
The US economy soared in the summer. In spite of his annoying personality, Trump was an economic solid performer.
I expect the US economy to slow down going forward for a couple of years. On the other hand I expect certain economics like India to pick very well going ahead, particularly after the second half of this year. I expect certain countries to face a major Earthquakes in the coming months which can set their economics back. Watch my prediction.
The economy is already improving. My retirement statement today showed over 8% growth in the last quarter. Unless regions are forced to shut down again, it should continue to improve.
In the past, companies in a nation would be closer economically to one another than to companies overseas. Today this is not the case. You can have two companies in the same neighbourhood that are in completely distinct supply chains and business network.
Yes but.., with likely changes. Changes in travel and lodging. Changes in business levels for theme parks, cruise lines and similar destinations. Lower airline use for an extended period. Eating out will remain off for an extended period too. Not forever though. The full recovery will depend on the full success of defeating the virus so it's no longer in the regular news cycle or a regular part of daily life. That's likely at least a year away and probably more like 18 to 24 months with our current actions and attitudes.
Economists used to scoff at calls for countries to pursue food or energy security policies. In a globalized world where borders don’t matter, they argued, we could always turn to other countries if something happened in our own. Now, borders suddenly do matter, as countries hold on tightly to face masks and medical equipment, and struggle to source supplies. The coronavirus crisis has been a powerful reminder that the basic political and economic unit is still the nation-state.
A large proportion of customers, in particular older customers or middle-aged customers in contact with elderly relatives, will be reluctant to engage in public activities such as restaurant eating, cafe chats and shows. Those people tend to be well off and consistent patrons of personal service type industries.
First thing, Covid-19 is not going to blow over. The pandemic will probably continue for several years, even though it will probably not continue at this level. We are currently in what can be described as a worldwide outbreak, in these months we have been trying (with more or less success) to curb the national outbreaks, but in the near future we will see more localized outbreaks, while the disease will slowly become endemic.
Oh, it will boom again eventually. However the Trump Administration was already busy propping up the house of cards the economy had become before the pandemic. He was desperate to keep the numbers up until election day. That isn't going to happen any more, and may not have happened anyway.
The economy WAS booming under President Trump. Under his term foreign countries were put on notice. Taxes (surcharges, fees, etc) were cut. Unemployment was at an all time low. My 401k went thru the roof. It would be booming NOW if not for the government imposed shut downs. Virus notwithstanding. All because morons out there that refuse to take simple precautions like wearing a mask (properly), using social distancing and sanitizing/washing hands! It's JUST THAT simple.
Invariably there will be a mini boom when society returns to normality and people spend a bunch of money on consumer items that they have been able or willing to go out and shop for during the Covid-19 lockdown. How big a jump that is, and how long that will last remains to be seen, and will depend partly on how long the lockdown remains in place.
That’s how the economy works. There are cycles… like waves on the ocean. They can’t swell forever. Sooner or later, there’s going to be a trough between the crests.
Nobody knows the future, so they guess. People who guess right make more money, because the economy makes money, and they get some of it. That actually helps the future arrive sooner, and it’s a pretty good thing.
Joshua Engel has explained stock market boom and bust cycles. That’s probably what the OP meant by “the economy” but the stock market and the economy are significantly different things. Sometimes stock markets can dip without affecting the general economy very much. Sometimes the economy can suffer while the market keeps rising.
The Government has a branch called the National Bureau of Economic Research. I have been a subscriber for about twenty years. Every day they send out a summary of the latest economic reports concerning the economy. Economic Indicators It’s a slog to get through all the data but it’s often worth it.
No, we are not in a recession. In order to qualify as a recession, we have to see two consecutive quarters (six months) of negative economic growth. The government measures the total amount of money spent within the United States every three months. That is everything - salaries, wages, consumer purchases, government paychecks, money that people put in the bank, loans, exports, etc. All of that is added up into one giant total known as the Gross Domestic Product.
Yep! The sad part is that we were nowhere near recession conditions when this outbreak occurred. But China is hurting first from the tariffs and now from this, Europe is getting hammered…especially Italy, not to mention whats happening here. Industries like the airlines, hotels, restaurants, even manufacturing and retail have largely been taken offline. There is a cloud of uncertainty over the entire country.
There is a big demand for widgets. All the manufacturers get the signal and start hiring like crazy and turning out more and more widgets, and then the market is satisfied, and soon there’s an over-supply of widgets (or houses or mortgages, or whatever), so they have to start dropping the price of widgets, and then they have to lay people off, and then people see people getting laid off so they stop buying stuff, and then more people get laid off, and so on…and everyone is sad and depressed for a while, and then people start to need widgets again, and we’re off.
The National Bureau of Economic Research declares when we enter and exit a recession. The economy has recurring cycles of expansion and contraction. We have NOT even begun to officially contract, but we will eventually, probably soon given current events. A rule of thumb is that a recession occurs when the economy contracts first at least 2 consecutive quarters (6 mos). But that is a rule of thumb and not the basis for officially declaring a recession.
Nobody can pinpoint a date but there are some solid indicators: yield curve, housing starts, consumer delinquency. These are the leading indicators that give a good snap shot of the future. If these show adverse signs then it’s timr to dig into other indicators like durable goods, marginally attached workers, etc.
The GDP growth rate of India go down to 5%, according to the data for the first quarter of 2019–20. Now The economy is flat. The Growth in the Agriculture Forestry and Fishing is 2%, Mining and Quarrying is 2.7%, Manufacturing is 0.6%, Construction and Financial and Real estate is 5.7% and Professional Services is 5.9%.No much research is required to find the reason.
Capitalism requires Capital to be a sound measure of wealth via prices, which are set by markets. Capital is measured in dollars or other currency, so currency must be sound for markets to work. Markets are an information system where prices are set by the aggregate activity of buyers and sellers in a *free and open* marketplace. This provides feedback on the real needs of an economy that top-down decision mechanisms cannot achieve. Being distributed, it is less subject to corruption so long as governance is strong (able to stop dishonest trade) and limited (limited to market activities, not selective, not corrupted), and the currency is sound (not able to be created arbitrarily, free to use and not controllable by entities with agendas).
Please also note that a slowdown in growth is still growth: GDP is getting bigger quarter after quater. If GDP stops growing and actually falls for two consecutive quarters, we call that “a recession,” not “a slowdown.”.
The economies, globally, are practically shut down, locked down, laid off to ward off the spread of the pandemic and fear of the virus and possible fatality is keeping labour or manpower off from all manufacturing or production activities and services. This has severely affected growth and development, which was hitherto possible, to serious downfall and into the negative meaning of growth and development. The serious contraction of business cycle in an economy on account of steadily declining economic activity is Recession. The Covid 19 virus issues are now faced in varying levels of difficulty in almost 189 nations globally. This is why the phenomena of Recession is well manifested in such nations and the whole world is experiencing it.
However, certain parts of the world's economy are somewhat stagnant and have been so since the 2008 financial crisis. This has been especially noticeable in places such as the United States and Europe. As newly developing countries have liberalized their economies and adopted a more positive role in the global economy, the privileged and entitled citizens of the incumbent elite have seen their advantage diminish. Poorer countries are gradually catching up with the richer ones.
People can cheat in under 10mins. It really has to do with having the opportunity to cheat. Unfortunately you can't control anyone. If you suspect your partner of cheating then dump them. If it goes against everything you stand for say goodbye. Sometimes it's best to be alone and lonely then to have to look over your partner's shoulder at everything he does. Why put yourself through so much stress and work trying to catch a cheater.
First of all are you happy with your relationship? I would assume you are not since your trying to play tricks on your partner. Let me ask you a question…. If you have to worry about your partner cheating is that partner really your partner? Do you think that they are? If you do then they probably are (unless you are on drugs and completely paranoid- I only say that because I have been, and I was wrong).
Matthew Edward Hall is highly influenced by the ‘60’s & ‘70’s but has a sound entirely unique to him. It sounds modern, futuristic, & classic at the same time somehow. I do believe he’s about to blow away the rest of the charts and contemporary artists. His writing is beyond Saintly, & overflowing with profound wisdom. He’s even younger than Harry Styles but carries a mind typically reserved for the greatest philosophers & Leaders of all time. It’s something you really have to listen to yourself, and a true test of will not listening to his songs 100’s of times. His newest release may be the greatest song ever recorded, and exclusively revealed to his Instagram followers. Thats one thing that really makes him special. I feel a true connection with him, and i’ve grown so much right along with him. It’s not like a normal listener experience. I’ve had profound personal revelations randomly come to me while listen to his music in the background, or after reading a quote or 2.
Bedroom/Indie Pop: Some artists include mxmtoon, khai dreams, mimi bay, girl in red, Clairo, tiffi, and Lana Del Rey. These are great, underrated artists that I love.
I like pretty much all kinds of music (except Gangster Rap. The lyrics are a problem more than the actual music)) Classical, Baroque, Medieval , Film Music , Musicals , Rock , Pop, Soul. Hip Hop, Trip Hop etc etc.
One of my favourite music pieces I would listen to while growing up were the classic kiwi songs. From people like Nesian Mystik, Adeaze, Aaradhna, who showed a lot of Polynesian representation in the New Zealand music industry, to SIX60, Stan Walker and Hollie Smith who showed a lot of Māori representation in the New Zealand music industry. There are also other artists like Lorde, BENEE and Drax Project who are absolutely killing it right now! Some recommendations are.
Though if I could take a guess, I would say punk rock/pop with a mix of late 90’s and early 2000’s hits.
There are probably other artists that I’m just completely forgetting. But mostly, my playlists consist of songs that I find either comforting, exciting, or anything along those lines. I just happen to like a lot of these artists songs.
Alternative rock: Weezer: which I started to listen to a ton during my middle school years and still listen to now as a senior in high school. Will always love them. Ozma: are very similar to Weezer in that they sing about love n’ stuff, and their first album is such a joy. The Strokes: but listen to pretty much their hits, which are pretty nice. Cage the Elephant: listen to the hits. Pavement: some of their hits. The Cure: my friend put me on them and I wasn’t disappointed, love listening to them. The Smiths: well, my friend also got me into them, great band. The Smoking Popes: love their hits!.
I was introduced to many genres of music, thanks to my parents. I grew up in a small village in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. That time, music was vary. There were Indonesian and Western pop, rock songs, and oldies. Also dangdut, campursari, keroncong, and Malaysian songs. They're pretty familiar to my ears. My parents said, when they brought me to a place for vacation, suddenly they hear me singing campursari song. I was four or something hahaha.
Not my favourite genre anymore and losing a little interest but they have a ton of addictive and catchy songs. I listen mainly to Twice and Gfriend but I also listen to Blackpink, (G)I-dle, IZ*ONE, BTS, Red Velvet, Mamamoo, Itzy, EXID, SNSD and EXO. Fyi, some of them have Japanese versions of their Kpop songs and even produced their own Japanese Pop songs! Here are some of my song recommendations.
Back when life used to be normal , I was studying in the reading room of my college . I looked around and noticed that most students are plugging away at their studying with their headphones on🎧. I wondered is it actually beneficial to listen to music while you study? In this answer I'll explain if studying with music is a good idea or not.
This question is the subject of a long debate without any end. It's like looking for the edge of a circle. Music triggers 'reward chemicals' in the brain. It means to reward oneself after a long working shift or completing that one project. But, can music go with studying?.
But I think its a personal choice after observing do you get more deviated while listening to songs or pay more attention to the subject than what you usually do. For me ,I think songs were the ones which helped me read NCERT again and again without getting bored like many others. (Also I loved memorising may be that too helped my cause).
However, there are some types of music that should not be used as background music while studying. Music with lyrics to distract you from reading books, writing down notes or speech letters can temporarily disrupt your concentration. High-volume music that is too loud can cause hearing problems when you study for a long time, so make sure this type of music is not too strong.
With a long study session ahead of you, your first instinct may be to whip out your headphones. However, recent psychological research suggests that we should think twice before tuning in to the first thing on our playlist. While research into the psychological effects of music is still in its infancy (and is often contradictory), here we're going to go over some generally accepted facts about music processing, and its effects on your cognitive performance.
Lo-Fi is definitely helpful. When I listen to songs with words, I have a tendency to write what I hear. Everyone does, pretty sure. I think it’s a neural thing. Anyway, listening to music without words really helps me focus on what I’m doing and to not get distracted.
If you're studying (not copying something), then no. It's not good for you as you won't be able to concentrate on what you're reading. On the other hand, if you're copying your work or practising something on a notebook, then yes, it's good.
Music has a powerful impact on our physiological states, emotions, and thought processes. If you’re a student, this is important to note. Music can truly be a lifesaver when it comes to getting through the emotional highs and lows, and the energy ebbs and flows that accompany educational pursuits.
If you’re a student, I am almost willing to bet that you have music playing right now. Maybe it’s Drake, maybe it’s Mumford and Sons, or maybe it’s The Beatles. Whatever your preference, I’m sure you love listening to your favorite artists every chance you get— maybe even while you study. Is playing your favorite song an easy way to make that homework bearable, or are you hurting your performance?.
Well not at all..... Songs may calm our mind (those with soft noft note) but while studying please avoid it. Listening to songs while studying will surely diatract you.. But yeah, I would suggest you to listen to instrumentals especially pianos,if there is disturbance around you. These notes will then cut those disturbing noises and providing you a calm environment. Spotify has a great playlist for this purpose named intense study.....
I will began my answer by telling everyone about ‘Mozart effect', a term coined from a study that suggested listening to music could actually enhance intelligence, has been widely refuted, there are still many benefits of listening to music while studying.
During the study, listening music is not beneficial but you can listen music in between study during your relax time or to refresh the mind for restarting your study again with peace and relaxed mind.
Research has found that if you listen to music while studying, you have a better chance of recalling that information if you listen to the same music during the exam. This, of course, is impossible.
For regular students , when they try to study , their focus is divided into many parts like .. their thoughts like should I check my WhatsApp or messenger ?, their surroundings, their emotions and what they see , hear etc i.e their mind is distracted.
The things that we experienced only once in our life and which we remember still are the things that we observed we very high focus and without distractions!.
When we study while listening to music .. our focus .. which was divided into many parts .. is now narrowed into two parts .. the music we are listening to and the textbook we are studying !.
But to my opinion on this matter! I say, it is a good thing! Why? Because it, for me allows me to concentrate more. The music you listen to is wanted, so not really a distraction. But, let's say Tommy from next door decided to cut his grass, play loud music (this is distracting you) and decided to sing at the top of his lungs, this would definitely put you off your study. Listening to music that you enjoy and you like it but not to much, it actually calms you down and makes you more relaxed. (No matter what genre) I know this from experience as I did this during my study period. Trust me, being relaxed during study is way better than being stressed and having many unwanted noise!.
According to research in neuropsychology and music psychology, music consistently elicit emotional responses in its listeners. Different people perceive events differently based upon their individual characteristics. Similarly, the emotions elicited by listening to different types of music is affected by factors such as personality.
when you do so, you will not only confuse yourself also you will end up knowing nothing after you are done with studying . For short term … you may think that you have learnt and you can recall well , but as far as long term retention of topic which you have studied is considered… it don't help.. ultimately you have to go back and redo what you have already done before.
I cannot say for all, but in my personal opinion, based on my experience for a period around 2 years while I studied and I had radio in my room, it helped me. Frankly later on the radio was not available and then I was continuing my routine as if there was music and songs in the background!.
Yes of course ,music is good while studying,but only if it is productive for us.There should be consistency between music and study.
Music is not good while focussing on your books. This is because, half of your brain will concentrate on the music and other half on your books. In this way, you cannot give your 100% to your studies.
Yes, you read that right. We just know that it’s a spiral galaxy and we cannot send a probe far enough to capture the entire galaxy. All the images you have seen are just artistic works created by looking at other spiral galaxies. Below is a false image of our Milky way.
We’d all be dead if Earth was the largest planet in the solar system. But, since Jupiter has that distinction, most asteroids and comets crash into Jupiter. Jupiter is thus the dumping ground of the solar system. Thank Jupiter that you’re still alive.
Believe it or not, the Big Bang happened.Less than 1% of the noise that you see on the television/hear on your radio comes from the Big Bang.
To think that a god made all of that, to put people on one planet, out of billions upon billions of planets, who can only exist for tiny periods of time and impact nothing beyond their small planet can only mean that god is not very smart, efficient or decisive.
The universe is not proven to have a finite past. Cosmology and physics tell us that 13.7 billion years ago, all space, matter, energy, and time was in a state of compression into a single point of singularity. This does not mean that there was nothing "before" that.
Renowned Oxford University mathematical physicist Roger Penrose published a paper in which he calculated the probabilities of the Universe accidently coming into creation without a deliberate architect. Penrose’s calculations resulted in the compelling conclusion that the creator of the Universe had an accuracy in all things required to the extent of 1 part in 10 to the power of 10 to the power of 123, that is 1 followed by 10 to the 123rd power. An accuracy and precision which is unthinkable. Otherwise, there would have been nothing. Oxford University Professor of Mathematics John Lennox double checked Penrose’s numbers and observed, that Penrose’s resulting accuracy number is a “number which it would be impossible to write out in the usual decimal way, because even if you were able to put a zero on every particle in the universe, there would not even be enough particles to do the job.” That is the degree of accuracy that was demonstrated when the Universe was created. Basically, this is a scientific way to say that the Universe was not created by chance. If it was not created by chance, then it was created deliberately. If we can conclude that it was created deliberately, then we must conclude that there was a creator. I could stop writing right here. But I will not.
Where scientists run into trouble is when they attempt to explain what existed prior to the Big Bang. It is believed that in order for there to be a big bang the matter that exploded was smaller than an atom. But who created that matter? Reason demands that there was an origin to the components that made up the pre-big bang existence. Logic always points back to a pre-creation creator. Nothing less than God can exist without an origin. Without a beginning. The famed Stephen Hawking is quoted as saying "There is nothing south of the South Pole, so there was nothing around before the Big Bang." He actually dismisses the issue as opposed to being open to the possibility of God.
The universe had a beginning. It will likely have an ending. We agree on that. I'm open to any evidence that a god, gods, goddesses, inter-dimensional robots, brane convergences, fluffy invisible pink unicorns, or something else did it. I await your evidence as long as it doesn't involve "special pleading", tautology or untestable claims.
I take more of a Buddhist view than an atheistic/materialistic view. I think of consciousness as a first-class citizen, and the physical world as an appearance to the mind, that would be meaningless without minds in it. (Are there other universes? If there are conscious beings in them, they exist. Without conscious beings in them, the question is vacuous.) I think it's much more likely than not that there are aspects of consciousness (qualia) on which our material calculus will always fall short. However, I don't claim that there is obvious or objective evidence for anything supernatural (there is not) and even if there were, we'd still be far from having any cause to conclude the existence of any specific type of God.
Some of us believe that life has a spiritual dimension which allows communication directly with the same God who created the universe. But that is a leap of faith. You either leap or you don't leap. Don't even try to use logic to make other people leap with you. Instead demonstrate your faith by the way you live. By your "fruits" people will know who you really are, and may take an interest in why you are the way your are, which will give you an opportunity to talk about the God you believe in. By faith.
It's not clear at all, even for people who believe in Gods. Most religions of the past didn't feature one-man, creator gods. Creating the universe just wasn't part of the job description. That profile didn't come along til Yaweh, and there's plenty of evidence in the Old Testament that he wasn't the only god on the job. In some places he seems to be sitting on a godly board of directors meeting of some sort. In some parts of the original Hebrew scriptures he's called Yaweh, in others, El. They're not the same deity El is a Phonecian god. What's up with that?.
That kind of answer has absolutely no appeal to me at all. My curiosity and thirst for knowledge is fairly insatiable. I'm always on the look out for new discoveries, whether it's new pictures from the Hubble Space Telescope, results from the Large Hadron Collider, or fossils that are dug up. I want to know what new evidence has been discovered in all the fields of science, and how that new evidence reveals more about the way our universe functions and the tools we have to function inside of the cosmos.
If he/she did say that, they are as much of a scientist, as cotton candy is anchovies. The majority would probably tell you 200k, maybe even more.
This gives you an out, because you don't have to say what the qualities of this thing are. And as it turns out, if you look at the multitudes of claims about what this string of letters signifies, you'll find there's not a single quality that can be found in all of them.
According to this theory, the whole universe was condensed in small particle and due to huge energy it exploded so devastatingly that created a big bang, don't quote me on this because I'm not a science guy and I am not sure about technicalities of this aspect. I am just presenting layman terminology of the big bang.
My counter to this would be that you (and I) are clearly incapable of understanding the universe precisely because of how far beyond basic logic its rules have proven to be, so you trying to use basic logic to get us down to "the only option" is doomed from the start. You're an ant trying to understand a spaceship, so how likely is it that you can encapsulate the answer into one word and have that word be meaningful?.
Also using English language and word games to figure out God or the universe doesn't make sense to me. The English language is designed for everyday experience, and it works very badly when even trying to figure out how a ball rolls down a hill much less looking at the universe.
By following the evidence we know how things formed after a certain point in time. We know that there was a rapid expansion of space time, and we know how the first elements and their components began forming. What we do not know yet is how everything started.
It is written, “Although they know God exists, they neither glorify Him as God nor do they give thanks to Him. Their thinking, futile, their foolish hearts, darkened. Claiming to be wise, but have become fools.
Let's make this pointlessly complicated: The universe is NOT proven to have a finite past, whatever that means. Events do NOT require causes. Deductive reasoning is NOT a comprehensive or infallible means of acquiring understanding. Any concept of god is NOT exempt from same question of "where did it come from?". Any attempt to ascribe a mysterious or as yet not understood phenomena to god is NOT an intellectually valid move.
Prob is, you're using circular reasoning. You're saying there had to be a cause, therefore it had to be this "God" thing. Fine, if you accept the dubious idea that there had to be a cause. Things in our world generally have causes, but it's a bit of a stretch to extend what happens here and now to what happened far away 13.7 billion years ago.
If you want to be taken up seriously you should beef up your argument with a few pieces of real evidence, not misinterpretations of evidence, real evidence that supports your theory and your theory alone. Well, perhaps I'm too harsh here. Some pieces of evidence could perhaps support multiple theories, but you need to be able to show why they support your argument as opposed to a more simplistic and elegant alternative.
A is not proven to be false. Big Bang is only "proven" to the first millionths millionths after the supposed "bang", but not before (since the laws of physics break down at such high energies). If the Big Bang really did happen the way it is commonly portrayed in popular science then all that it shows is that the universe we currently live in was created 13 and a half billion years ago. Some theories, such as eternal inflation actually imply that there may be infinitely many universes created in the same fashion. Other theories, such as the string theory don't even entertain the idea of singularity, whereas the holographic principle implies that our universe was created from a 4-d black hole. The point of it all is that despite all the great advances in science there are still many questions remaining to be answered.
There is no evidence of any god having created it. No god is necessary to explain anything that has been observed. And no god could explain the origin of the universe, because we would still be lacking an explanation for where that god came from.
When I came home a few Fridays ago, there was a bouquet of flowers on my table. I had no idea why they were there or who could possibly have put them there. So it must have been God! Turned out Friday was Valentine's Day, and the next day my wife was really ticked I didn't thank her because I thought it was God. Since then I have learned that if I don't know why something is there, it doesn't mean God must have put it there. Why do you creationists all make this argument? Just because you're too unimaginative to think of a cause other than "God" does not mean it was caused God. That is just not a logically sensible step to take anymore for the universe's existence than it is for why there's flowers on my table.
There are a ton of unanswered questions, especially when it comes to creation and the creation of life. For example, what was the precursor for RNA? TNA? What about before that? How do we know for sure? we don't. Some argue that Hydrogen and Helium existed before the big bang and others disagree. People still make determinations about dark matter when there's still a lot that we don't understand. There are a lot of mysteries to be solved and plenty to choose from and how a person wants to handle answering such a mystery is up to them.
This question is akin to a common question thrown around in entrepreneur circles how do you start a successful start-up. There is no one definitive answer or formula that works but instead there are a bunch of rules you can follow that would increase your odds. After that, you can only hope that the dice rolls in your favor. Rarely have I met a person and been convinced that there is no way on earth this person is not getting into College X. In fact the only person that comes to my mind is my friend Raghu Mahajan who among other things topped JEE a few years ago. And in case you are updating your model that topping JEE implies getting into one of these colleges, don't do so. Topping JEE was just a byproduct of being Raghu. The man exudes mastery of the sciences like no other. JEE was just a validation of this fact and not really an achievement per se. Yet Raghu is an outlier. He is like Bill Gates in that sense. Those who knew Bill Gates in the 70's had never any doubt that he would start one of the most successful companies in the world. Most of us need the dice to roll in our favor.
I wouldn't consider myself an authority by any means, but I got into an Ivy League university even though I'm not a straight A student or a superhuman who's internationally ranked in mathematics.
Other proofs that  1=2  often use the same method but hide the division by zero in the algebra. In your example, it was when you divided by  (x−x) . My proof (unlike yours) is too blatantly obvious to make it into a good paradox, but its transparency is what makes it helpful to those who are mystified by the rule that you are not allowed to divide by zero, even in the form  (x−x.
Mathematics is a game. It has rules. Astonishingly few rules, given the richness of possible outcomes of the game. But the rules it has are inviolate.
When you divide by (x-x) you are doing an illegal Mathematical operation.
I think one of the simplest explanations involves the fact that division is not an operation of and by itself. Division is the inverse of the operation of multiplication—the “dark side,” if you will. What we mean by inverse is that division is just a backwards multiplication question.
As a typical LW maniac, my first response to stuff like this is, substitute a concrete number for  x . Algebra is all about rules that preserve the truth of equations, so if we start with any concrete true example of the first equation, we should be able to follow your logic and see what happens.
(x−x)  is zero. Which means that you’re effectively dividing both sides by zero, which is algebraically disallowed.
This is in a class of trick proofs where there is a division by zero somewhere. Your “Divide both sides by (x –x)” step, in this case. When you divide by zero, you typically get the entire real number line, which is equal to the entire real number line as well as equal to twice the entire real number line, so x = 2x is true when x is, well, everything.
It is very easy to prove 1 = 2, but we all know it is wrong. But, most of us don’t know how to prove it wrong. I will tell you both how to prove it (1 = 2) and how to prove it wrong.
In mathematics, division by zero is division where the divisor (denominator) is zero. Such a division can be formally expressed as a/0 where a is the dividend (numerator). In ordinary arithmetic, the expression has no meaning, as there is no number which, multiplied by 0, gives a (assuming a≠0), and so division by zero is undefined. Since any number multiplied by zero is zero, the expression 0/0 also has no defined value, when it is the form of a limit, it is an indeterminate form. Historically, one of the earliest recorded references to the mathematical impossibility of assigning a value to a/0 is contained in George Berkeley's criticism of infinitesimal calculus in 1734 in The Analyst ("ghosts of departed quantities").
The problem comes when you divide both sides by (x-x). It seems legitimate, because it’s a variable expression — but if you think about it, (x-x) is zero, so when you take this step, you are essentially tricked into accepting division by zero.
Everyone knows that dividing by actual zero is impossible in arithmetic, and is illegal in algebra because it yields invalid results. In this exercise, the author temporarily forgets that x - x could be 0, goes ahead and divides by x - x, and then wonders why he “proved” a false statement.
Now all you have to do is put one of these on the left side of the equation and another one at the right side. You might want to add some equations to “hide” the zero division, like the first part of the proof in your question.
You never "eliminate" anything because it's on both side. You divide both sides of an equation by the common factor. The problem here is that your common factor is zero and division by zero doesn't make sense.
Give yourself a pat on the back if you noticed that (x-x) has been factorized and divided from both sides. See anything wrong there? Well, elementarily - this step is invalid, considering that (x-x) = 0, and by the laws of algebra and mathematics, dividing anything by zero gives you an invalid output. This hoax ‘proof’ is quite old and popular, but ensures that you’re well acquainted with your fundamentals. So, are you.
If you give that calculation to a technical student (math, physics, engineering) then they will do the multiplies first and then the additions and subtractions. So the answer they will give you is 6 - (1 x 0) + (2/2) = 7.
We all try to use simple expressions if we can. I try never to use an actual symbol for multiplication, just juxtaposition. Division may have a higher precedence than addition and subtraction, but when we write the numerator above the denominator separated by a line (called a vinculum), it has a lower precedence, as in.
When I was younger I used to define success as being able to figure out how to fit a round peg in a square hole. (Now my wife and I define success as getting the kids to sleep early enough that we actually have a couple hours to ourselves before going to bed).
Sounds pretty simple... there couldn't be that many different ways, right? Let's give the people names: Alice, Bob, Carol, and Dave. So you could give Alice 8 apples, or you could give her 7 apples and give someone else 1 apple, or you could give Alice 6 apples and then... OK, maybe this is more complicated than we thought.
When I was in middle school, I read the wonderful little book Flatland by Edwin A. Abbott. The story is narrated by a square in a two-dimensional world who encounters a sphere from the third dimension. At first, the square cannot conceive of a world with higher dimensions, until the sphere uses simple mathematical reasoning to help the square imagine a cube. For the sake of clarity, I will retell the story from the point of view of someone trying to explain what a four-dimensional cube looks like to us.
If you tie a rope around the Earth tightly (lets say around the equator) ,then the length of the rope will be around 40,000 km. Now just add 1 meter of rope to that rope and if the extra rope is distributed evenly around the globe, will there be enough space between the rope and the earth's surface for a rat to pass under or even a worm to crawl under???.
I was in 8th grade back then when my professor was teaching a chapter called mensuration. We were solving a sum on area of a circle. I asked my professor how did mathematicians find this darn formula. He said they found that the area of a circle is directly proportional to the square of the radius. They found this by plotting circles and counting the number squares in it. This baffled me so I pressed harder for a better explanation. So tired of my questions he said " Boy you do not know calculus. They found by using calculus which you will study in your higher classes..
I have realized that mathematics is beautiful more than once. But since you ask for the first little bit of mathematics that made me realize when mathematics is beautiful, I have to describe a quite unremarkable story from my childhood days when I was 6 and learning multiplication tables at school.
Here is how it started for me. I was probably in fourth grade when my elder brother who was four years elder than me told me how his maths teacher had taught him to measure the height if a building and a tree using a thread, ruler and a protractor. I was really amazed. Later my father told me that there is something called trigonometry that we can use to measure large distances, even of that sun or moon using simple gadgets like telescopes, rulers and sextants(device for measuring angle). This really fascinated me (the involvement of other planets in the discussion somehow made it more interesting). However, I found it pretty unbelievable. Few years later when I stumbled onto trigonometry as my coursework, this was my most favorite topic. I immediately completed the chapters and went about to make my own sextant and telescope to practice my favorite problem.
Irrational numbers: The concept of rational and irrational number (non recurring non-terminating numbers) intrigued me. I wondered how a number could exist that could not be expressed in the form of p/q (fractions). But more shocking part came when I learned even though you can't express it in form of p/q you could represent it on a number line. You can't write it (1.4142135....) but you can draw it.
One day, they were talking about a program to find a perfect number, a number which is the sum of its factors including 1 but excluding itself. I was fascinated by the property and also as a medium to give a reply to my mocking, I set out to find the formula for perfect numbers.
In primary school, Gauss' teacher instructed the class to add up the numbers from 1 to 100 on slate as busywork. While the rest of the class toiled, Gauss thought about the problem for a moment, wrote down the number 5050, and turned it in. His answer was the only correct answer.
It took me a while to realize that what mathematicians mean by "beauty" is what I had been calling "awesomeness". It happened when was a third-year university student taking abstract algebra.
For me, it was Euclid's proof of the infinitude of prime numbers. Back when I was a kid, it seemed amazing to me that you could prove that there isn't a largest prime. I remember being awestruck and ecstatic. Ever since, I've taken a liking to math.
Consider  n  trees in a row, equally spaced. Initially, one bird sits on each tree, and each minute two birds are allowed to fly to another tree in such a way that they move the same distance in opposite directions. For which n can all of the birds end up on the same tree?.
I was simply adding and calculating random numbers on an empty piece of paper, nothing like John Nash though, I must add. And then, suddenly, with one simple calculation, I unravelled something extremely beautiful, something that made me see how wonderful mathematics was. I took this number.
Euler's V - E + F = 2 still amazes me. All those crazy polyhedra, big and small, spiky and regular, all fit into one big schema.
There was the usual combinatorics solution , but this one is what caught my eye, 1 match = 1 eliminated, so to decide the winner we need n-1 matches.Elegant and simple answers make maths beautiful don't they.
If you place a map of a city on a table in that city, there will always be a "You are here" point on the map which exactly represents that same point in the city.
I was never that great at math. Perhaps in elementary school I'd get receive the odd 'A' here and there, but I was mostly in the 'C'-area if anything. Moving on to high school, things didn't get any better. My marks for grade 9, 10, and 11 were 51, 40, and 56 respectively. (The 40 meant I failed and needed to attend summer school where I got a 60-something and was able to move on). My 10th grade teacher told me that math was an "either you get it or you don't" subject. My 11th grade teacher told me he had tried everything, and when I pleaded with him that I still didn't understand anything, he repeated himself more firmly, "I have tried everything I can to help you", and walked away.
If you can't prove something's correct, you have a gap in your knowledge, and should not rest until it's filled. I recommend asking your teacher why the statement is true (and applying the same adversarial mindset to their explanation). In some cases, the teacher may be wrong, in which case it's good to alert them of the error.
Visualize every concept. The best mathematicians in history all claimed to have a visual mind that allowed them to 'see' the math they were working with. Einstein did so and the great Alon Amit on Quora practices this a lot.
Math education is one of the saddest things I know, and it’s because most mathematicians don’t give a crap about education and it really shows. This means most dedicated teachers are probably not well versed in the subject, and those that are are likely too busy in their self absorbed work to be bothered by anyone else.
Suppose there's a topic you just don't get. Adding fractions, say. You can practice hundreds of exercises, and at the end of it all you might not see any improvement. But that one breakthrough is always right around the corner. You might have to look for it a little bit, but as soon as you get it, it clicks. You can go from absolute confusion to perfect understanding in a matter of minutes. When you think about it, this is weird.
It's as though they're trying to learn musical composition by memorising templates and rules. Sure you'll be able to churn out boiler-plate stuff - elevator music, advertising jingles, formulaic pop songs. Or it's like someone trying to become a great athlete by memorising the moves they need, without understanding the sport as a sport - that is, as something you would do for pleasure, for the joy of exercising a skill.
Remember the 1st time you tried a new sport? Say baseball for example...you probably didn't even know how to hold the bat! Once you learned that you progressed to how to stand, how to keep your eye on the ball, how and when to swing BUT if you are still not even gripping the bat correctly, you're lost and would probably HATE the game!! But once your skills are good, you LOVE the game.
I'm not too familiar with how deeply the topics are explored in your/typical US high school classes, and how much you are encouraged by your teachers to think beyond getting some correct exam answers, but nonetheless, I believe that there is still a lot you can improve by yourself, although having support does boost up the process tremendously.
If you see math as the manipulation of numbers only then you’ll never be great at it. When you solve a complex problem, you should be thinking about things like how to diagram the problem in your head and how to represent it in the simplest and easiest way possible. One thing to keep in mind is that people who truly have a knack for math have a certain, special kind of laziness to their nature, and they will sometimes work on a problem for hours that they’ve already found a way to solve, just so they can understand it well enough to find the laziest possible way to do the problem. You’ll see these guys at math competitions doing really hard problems in their head, and it’s not because they’re smarter than everyone in the audience, but rather because they know how to solve these problems with the least mental effort possible, and because they reached that knowledge by attaining a deep understanding of a variety of problems. When someone good at math looks at a problem, the first thing they do is create a representation of that problem in in their head, usually a visual one, and then they see if it fits a model of problems they’ve already done. If it does he’ll solve it the easiest way he knows how, avoiding te use of a calculator if possible (because on many simpler problems, calculators can actually be slower if you count the time it takes to press all the keys and also can make error more likely. Of course if it takes more than about ten seconds to do in his head he will of course use a calculator because he is, as aforementioned, lazy). If he hasn’t seen a problem of this nature before, he will separate it into smaller and smaller chunks, and try to solve each of those chunks. If there is then a chunk that e doesn’t recognize or know how to solve, he will then play with it the way that a kid plays with play-dough, wrapping his mind around it in different ways and changing its shape, because as babies know instinctively, playing with something unfamiliar is the best way to learn about it. Eventually, after enough playing, he will understand the chunk well enough to plug it back into the larger whole and thensolve the problem.
If you see math as the manipulation of numbers only then you’ll never be great at it. When you solve a complex problem, you should be thinking about things like how to diagram the problem in your head and how to represent it in the simplest and easiest way possible. One thing to keep in mind is that people who truly have a knack for math have a certain, special kind of laziness to their nature, and they will sometimes work on a problem for hours that they’ve already found a way to solve, just so they can understand it well enough to find the laziest possible way to do the problem. You’ll see these guys at math competitions doing really hard problems in their head, and it’s not because they’re smarter than everyone in the audience, but rather because they know how to solve these problems with the least mental effort possible, and because they reached that knowledge by attaining a deep understanding of a variety of problems. When someone good at math looks at a problem, the first thing they do is create a representation of that problem in in their head, usually a visual one, and then they see if it fits a model of problems they’ve already done. If it does he’ll solve it the easiest way he knows how, avoiding te use of a calculator if possible (because on many simpler problems, calculators can actually be slower if you count the time it takes to press all the keys and also can make error more likely. Of course if it takes more than about ten seconds to do in his head he will of course use a calculator because he is, as aforementioned, lazy). If he hasn’t seen a problem of this nature before, he will separate it into smaller and smaller chunks, and try to solve each of those chunks. If there is then a chunk that e doesn’t recognize or know how to solve, he will then play with it the way that a kid plays with play-dough, wrapping his mind around it in different ways and changing its shape, because as babies know instinctively, playing with something unfamiliar is the best way to learn about it. Eventually, after enough playing, he will understand the chunk well enough to plug it back into the larger whole and thensolve the problem.
If you are in high school, try your best to understand it, but focus on your exams when they are near. If you can't understand it, ask your teachers, colleagues, that “Sharma ji ka ladka or ladki” in your class, etc. You may even find a girlfriend or boyfriend via maths. Seems unbelievable, but hey it is possible. Try to relate mathematical problems with real life scenarios.
I think the most important thing is to always ask "why?". If you're just memorizing formulas and trying to pass tests math can seem like a bunch of difficult, arbitrary rules. If you ask where the rules come from and why the rules work, then you'll begin to see deeper picture and think like a real mathematician.
This is a big problem for lots of people. It even is seen by some researchers as a frontal lobe issue. They say if you think you're bad at math, your frontal lobe shuts off and you won't get it. You have to convince yourself that you can do it and that lobe-thing will accept the task and you're on your way. Who knows?.
When I was a sophomore, I engaged a math tutor, who was a math PhD student at Harvard at the time. I confessed to him that I thought of myself as a math idiot, and he told me he’ll make that assessment for himself. After a few weeks he was pretty puzzled by the fact that I could understand all the things that he had explained to me. I was too.
Let me illustrate this with an example from my life. I went to school in India and, in 10th grade, I had to pass a board examination. As you would think, a board examination is administered by some authority outside the school itself. A student who does not pass the board exam cannot go onto 11th grade. He will be detained in 10th grade. So, it is a do or die situation from the perspective of a 16 year old. In that board examination, I did alright in all subjects except mathematics. The passing mark was 35 (yes, 35/100) and I got 46. So, I passed but barely.
Try to understand the basic concept of a given topic and build upon it do a practice problem and if you made mistakes it is okay it is a stage of learning try to understand why you made those mistakes then deeply understand the ideas correct them and form a solid ground for those concepts, after that apply them to real life situations you can also create your own way of solving questions just for fun :).
Also, you may need to sort out your priorities first. What exactly do you mean by being great at math? Are you looking to score a lot on tests? If so, practice hard. Are you trying to develop a better understanding of the very nature of mathematical analysis and problem solving? If so, work smart. Read the principle involved instead of blindly following shortcuts and quick fixes.
You see there is a reason for a person to be bright. It's the concentration and the qualities that come along with it, that gives that ability. It's a mental thing, mental development. Along with that development comes, being good at : learning things, memorizing them, recalling them fast, analyzing the combinations and patterns, logic, + reduction in stress / anxiety with the loading of studies, which puts a perfect skill platform for studying.
Most will say practice. I’ll do you one better. It’s important to know how to do something in math. But it’s more important to know WHY we do that. If you can understand why methods are used, you’ll grasp them a lot easier and you may even create math shortcuts for yourself because of it. Building off this, it’s important to know each part like the back of your hand. This comes from having a good foundation to work from through every level. This foundation is gained from my first point as well as repetition. If something confuses you or you have no idea why you need to do a specific step then stop there and ask someone because if you don’t learn, that you won’t have a good foundation for the next level. Math is only hard, when you don’t ask questions. A good teacher always helps. Someone who’s willing to answer your questions. So the answer is foundation, understanding, and repetition.
Keep solving problems. Just keep solving them. Improve mental math. Remember, we came across basic operations of addition subtraction multiplication division first. Calculus came way later. Binomial wasn't even a word we knew when we started counting. Improve mental math and keep solving problems. It could be the same problem or similar problems of lowet complexity. Or maybe even a solved and illustrated problem. And read a lot about the topic in hand. Not big theory, small compact stuff which sounds interesting.
The trick is to always go back to the basics. Even if you are 5 weeks into the subject, never feel as though you need to "keep up" with the class. The moment I felt lost, I would switch off and simply go back to where I feel comfortable (even if it means going back to week 1 and building up from there).
One of the biggest myths regarding math is that you are either born with the ability or not. This is far from the truth. There are incredibly gifted people in the world, but just because you are not one of these people does not mean you cannot find success.
There’s a difference between arithmetic and math. The most difficult section in any algebra book is the word problem section. A physics book is nothing but word problems from cover to cover. Something to think about is that these physics word problems call on skills one can learn in the word problem section of any algebra book.
The key to succeeding in Mathematics is not to study Mathematics, but constantly working on mathematical problem solving.
That's all I will recommend. And take help from different reference books, your teachers , friends or parents. Also don't just study from 1 book include more books in the circle.
Try to understand what you’re doing every time you’re doing maths. In this way, your brain will not try to memorize the process you’re using but will incorporate the basic ideas with the things you already know.
Actually you can become good at anything through repeated practice.There are two types of talents in the world.One is inborn and the other one is acquired.If you do hardwork you will acquire mastery in maths.
A mathematician was being interviewed for a job. The interviewer asks him - "You are walking towards your office and running late for a very important meeting and you glimpse a building on fire with people screaming for help. What will you do?".
The mathematician thinks for a while and replies : "People's lives are more important than an office meeting. I would immediately call for a fire brigade and help the trapped to the best of my abilities". The interviewer seems to be impressed with the mathematician's answer and moves on to the last question. Just to check his sanity, she asks: "And what if the building is not on fire?".
An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician take part in a study. The three of them are each sent into three separate rooms with white walls, given a bucket of green paint, and asked to paint all the walls green. However, there is not enough paint in each bucket to accomplish this task.
Yes, you read it correctly. Being a student, pursuing Mathematics as the Hons. subject, it is needless to state that, for me Mathematics is the other name of love and I am pretty much sure that you will certainly be in a relationship with mathematics if you find its true beauty. Let's have the trailer….
In this portion, we will define Blood Relations of Ramayana in light of Matrix Multiplication and with help of this, we will show that “Matrix Multiplication is not commutative..
I’m a top student. This is just a full on brag, but because no one believes you until you give numbers, here are some of my stats: 4.0 GPA, 5s on APs, 35 ACT, all while doing extracurriculars like a job, competitions, etc all and still sleeping 8 hours a day.
I qualified some of the toughest exams of India : JEE Advance, UPSC Prelims etc in first attempt. don’t know whether I qualify as “top student” to answer this question or not but here are my tricks.
The best brain I've ever come across. Also my roomie and I'm extremely lucky to have him.I don't know about other students who study day and night and then get decent or more than Average marks in the examination. I will tell you about a person who studies just for 3 days in the whole semester and still one of the topper of IISc Bangalore.He has the ability to sleep 16 hours a day and he does it with complete perfection.Whatever the situation is, all he does is…..Sleep.
‘I value my own child’s education greatly and I respect that he has a motivated friend like you.’ my dad solemnly expressed, taking a breath and continued ‘Study with and coach Peng Peng every day and I do not intend to charge you a single dime of rent.’.
They listen with an open mind. People think they just have a few days to cover the syllabus. What’s the entire year for, then? We get months to learn and prepare. Top students pay attention in class as one never knows what might click during the paper.
Teach it first: To understand new systems / concepts, stand up in front of a chalkboard and act as if you're teaching it to a class. When you get to a point you don't know how to explain, talk it out. Literally, stand up and talk to yourself, it works.
When I was in hostel one of my friend who always scored good marks and was the topper of our campus always carried a water bottle in class and whenever she felt loss in concentration she used to take a sip of water.
Always go to class. Even if the lectures are not useful, they serve to structure my day. Having lots of free time creates diminishing returns for me - three hours isn't too different from four hours, but having one block of three hours and one block of one hour is significantly better.
Doing that kept fetching me good scores. I scored 90% in 10th standard (CBSE Board) and 90.2% in 12th standard (CBSE Board). And yes, I didn't care about perfection, I chose to study in a way that wouldn't make it appear as a burden to me. I enjoyed whatever I studied and I'm grateful for working in a way that I had.
I made these colourful and attractive so I wouldn't get bored, and used wording I'd find easier for me to learn. This motivated me during exam season to study, for two reasons.
There is no particular strategy. Everybody has a different style tbh. But the common aspect is that they are consistent and maintain discipline throughout the journey. They just want results so they just work accordingly.
Now, this guy, is what you call a wonder kid. He’s not your typical nerd who spends all day with his books without a social life. On the contrary, he’s pretty famous in college. Not for his marks, but because he is the sports superstar of the campus. He’s the volleyball captain of IIM Bangalore who played a major role in winning the inter IIM sports tournament at IIM Ahmedabad.
I am a student. I am currently in 11th standard and I am going to tell you my personal experience on how do topper students study. I have completed my 13 years of schooling ( Nursery - X) from an ICSE affiliated school in sambalpur, odisha. Since the beginning, I was a good students as my teachers said. I was always in the top 5 ranks of the class and I passed my class Xth with 90% marks.
In today’s world, we are constantly bombarded by notification, mails, calls and chats. It is proved by studies that even one minute of distraction has a cascading negative effect on our productivity.
The exam involves a rigorous two-year preparation of Physics, Chemistry, and Maths subjects. However, through the techniques which 16-year old me had devised, I could crack it in meagre four months of preparation.
Who attend every class, write down all the important notes. They complete their assignments on time and all by themselves. They practice questions regularly. Even after these things they give proper time to sports and other cultural events.
I had a topper in my class. He was just like us who hated to study. But was always 1st in class. The thing he did was pay his 100% attention in class. So he would only need to study once or twice during exams. This is really helpful. The other thing is understand, write and practice. There are no other methods to study which can make you a topper. You just need to study in a systematic way. The topper in my class did not study everyday. But as he understood everything that was taught, he had to study less during exams.
Start reading very slowly, as slowly as you can, so that you understand each and every word in just one reading. Don't try to remember anything, just understand.
Yes. Whatever exam's you are preparing for, just make sure your everyday routine follows revision schedule because everytime your Brain feeds same facts & concepts, it absorbs it perfectly!.
I was a decent student back when I was an MIT undergrad and now that I'm a prof, and I really want my students to do well. Every semester, I email them a link to the following article by Cal Newport: http://calnewport.com/blog/2007/10/03/the-art-of-stealth-studying-how-to-earn-a-40-with-only-10-hours-of-work/, which pretty much summarizes everything in about a thousand words.
I dunno if I'm a top student. But I have scored 97% (10th), 97.58% (12th), 96.2% (UG) and have cracked GATE-19 and CAT-19 exam, and have been with some top students during my school and college days. So I'll pen down my thoughts on how 'top' students study.
Ever find yourself up late at night expending more energy trying to keep your eyelids open than you are studying? If so, it's time for a change. Successful students typically space their work out over shorter periods of time and rarely try to cram all of their studying into just one or two sessions. If you want to become a successful student then you need to learn to be consistent in your studies and to have regular, yet shorter, study periods.
Of course not. Why should we? What the hell would we gain from knowing about an absurd list? I bet there are very rare people in this world who follow the most successful people's career advice. But right now, what I am gonna tell you, would not only help you focus in studies, but in shaping your future too in the long run. And yeah, this list will definitely help you prepare for studies mentally, as well as psychologically.
Make a timetable. Whether it's a long term timetable or a short one, it is useful. For JEE I used to have a timetable for every month, what I'd be studying each day. It really helps to keep track of time. Otherwise you keep thinking “ abhi toh time hai “ (I have plenty of time right now) but in the end you realise that time flies faster than you think.
Almost every Top Notch performer I have worked with has a very clear cut goal stated IN WRITING. They have this goal pasted on top of their study table, in the toilet, on a notice board in the house, and some of them even have a piece of paper in their pocket. That is the kind of obsession they have with their goal.
Success is never a destination but its a journey that we all sail through, make priorities, create short term and long term goals, to face success humbly and to face failure with patience.
Once I was working late in the office to complete the month’s target. By the time I was leaving for home it was almost 9 pm. I completed my work and emailed the same to my immediate boss. He gave me a call and asked me to wait. He said he will drop me home. Since it was getting late, I did not mind taking his help. My boss and I got into his XUV and headed home from office. I used to stay alone in my flat. During the travel he started praising me for my hard work and dedication towards work. I was very flattered. By the time I reached my building he said he forgot his bottle of water and wanted me to fetch him some water. I asked him to come to my flat so that he can drink water . I opened the door and asked him to get in. I hurried to the kitchen to get him a bottle of ice cold water. He followed me too and grabbed me from behind. He dropped my sari pallu and went down on his knees and kissed my navel. I felt excited. He pushed me to the wall and poked my navel with his finger and I was moaning. he continued this for a long time and till then he had opened my sari. I was shocked and I was feeling ashamed. I quickly pulled my sari and rushed to the bedroom and closed the door.
This happened last year. I was 22.It was Holi. One of my friends lives in an apartment complex so there are lots of people who play holi together, which is why I and a couple of other friends had gone there to celebrate. I was wearing a white kurta and jeans…as usual most of people wears.
Yes, my mom! She has touched my navel several times when she helps me drape my saree. They are just accidental touches, and there is nothing wrong with it. But, once for a reception ceremony, my brother got the opportunity to see my navel. And the circumstances that led to it were one of the embarrassing moments in my life. I'm still nervous to talk about the whole incident as people might find it inappropriate. However, as I have the option to go anonymous in Quaro, I'm finally sharing it just to feel a little better.
Be Focused. When you decide and settle down to start studying, the first thing you need to do is get rid of useless thoughts Your friends may be on a holiday trip or they might be playing outside during your study time, these thoughts might keep pestering you but never let it hamper your focus. It's your career and you shouldn't let others come in your way of making it bright.
The idea of a "study schedule" is a myth. It's fine to study in chunks, or in sessions throughout the day, or for a few minutes at a time. The point is that you need regular periods when you're focused on studying with complete attention for 20-30 minutes at a time. Most people don't understand how intense repeated bursts of focus can be - it's truly intense and actually exhausting even if it doesn't feel that way while you're doing it.
I can tell you about a peculiar studying habit of a friend of mine - the topper of my department during exams, while I was pursuing Bachelors at IIT Kharagpur. So in a particular semester, we had five theoretical subjects (say A, B, C, D, E) and E’s mid-semester exam was scheduled to be at last among all the five subjects.
Everyone has an unique path to success but there are some traits which are common among toppers. The toppers usually live in an ecosystem(created by themselves) and study is one part of it,so i will try to point out all these things along-with study habits in following points.
Methods: In this double-blind trial, we enrolled 1961 adults with a body-mass index (the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters) of 30 or greater (≥27 in persons with ≥1 weight-related coexisting condition), who did not have diabetes, and randomly assigned them, in a 2:1 ratio, to 68 weeks of treatment with once-weekly subcutaneous semaglutide (at a dose of 2.4 mg) or placebo, plus lifestyle intervention. The coprimary end points were the percentage change in body weight and weight reduction of at least 5%. The primary estimand (a precise description of the treatment effect reflecting the objective of the clinical trial) assessed effects regardless of treatment discontinuation or rescue interventions.
It’s never easy to find the right weight loss medication, but when it comes to products, a lot of time is spent choosing the right one. Whether we’re seeking advice on how to lose weight, get leaner, or increase muscle strength, most of us turn to people who are experts in this field. In fact, there are a number of researched and proven nutritionists and weight loss practitioners who are interested in providing the best possible recommendations, helping their patients to lose weight consistently.
Do you know that eating can result in weight loss? Yes, it means. once you eat the right ratio of right nutrition you'll maintain a healthy body with the specified shape. By following the proper diet one can make the right nutrient supply to their body. When there's a scarcity of essential nutrients it results in chances of other health disorders by weight gain.
Losing several pounds does not happen overnight. You can't melt fat and burn calories with a wave of a magic wand, and there is no miracle pill that will make you lose weight instantly. However, there are additional treatments that can be combined with diet and regular physical activity that can help you lose weight. This is the case, for example, with certain food supplements, which can promote drainage and elimination, regulate appetite, or even act as an appetite suppressant. For its part, homeopathy can come as a complement to rebalance transit, provide vitamins necessary during a diet, etc. In fact, they are not strictly speaking drugs, prescribed by the medical profession and recognized as being effective for weight loss, but rather aids which help the person to lose weight more easily and to follow his slimming program on a daily basis. So be careful not to let yourself be seduced by so-called formidable pills without doing any research, but without foundation or proof of their effectiveness, which would make you lose weight without doing anything.
What it does in practice is to make you switch to a low-fat diet, because you absolutely don’t want to know what doing #2 looks like if you ate too much fat when on Orlistat. Suffice to say that the fat just goes right through your body.
The key to weight loss is patience and faith. Many people have successfully lost weight, how about you?.
One secret supplement, every member of the lean, ripped, muscular, happy and productive human elite use….
Now I’m gonna be honest with you. Whatever product or service you’ll use in the future, you’ll still need to put in effort in your weight loss journey.
Supplementation might be a helpful way to boost your weight loss results, but formulas can’t do anything without your help. Lifting weights, running, and exercising can help to create a caloric deficit while you work on your diet.
Here’s the deal. We know that you might be sceptical of what you’re about to read here. However, we think it is important to inform you that there is a large amount of misinformation and confusion regarding Meticore on the internet.
My brother genuinely asked me to scribble his face when i requested him for his before and after pictures for this post so request everyone who knows him personally to avoid any personal comments.
The market is loaded up with a wide range of weight reduction arrangements, going from trend diets to weight reduction pills that case to be the following best thing.
Any weight loss drugs which actually work are on prescription only. Most of them are expensive and will not be considered unless you are at severe health risk due to obesity, because they come with side-effects.
This is the number one fat burner of female athletes. When taking this product, it will empower you to start burning unwanted fat and help you achieve your body composition goals. It is all natural with non-harmful stimulants. Finally, this is a product that will give you around the clock results.
Cobra Labs The Ripper will shed the fat off you like no other supplement. Feel the Ripper goes to work with the very first dose. You get an energy boosting formula and a fat burning supplement all in one product. There are thirty serving per container and it comes in three different flavors.
Prescription weight loss medications approved for long-term use (more than 12 weeks) produce significant weight loss compared to placebo. The combination of weight loss medications and lifestyle changes result in greater weight loss compared to lifestyle changes alone.
They will tell you that their product boosts immunity, removes toxins: it means that their product does nothing. Your immunity cannot be boosted. Even sun feast biscuits claim to do that. Liver removes toxins. If your liver is unable to remove toxins, it means you have a liver failure, kindly visit a real doctor before resorting to this Detoxifying syrups.
I am not a doctor by profession. I am a technologist with a B.Tech degree from IIT Kharagpur. Since my college days, I had the notion that since the cause of a disease is subtle, its cure should also be subtle. Such cure cannot be fully achieved by swallowing those colourful, throat-choking, round or pellet or betel shaped solid lumps, prescribed by the practitioners of Allopathic medicine. Administering these necessitates fooling our bodies’ first line of defence, a tickling saliva laced tongue, against entry of biologically harmful stuff to our stomach. So, these medicines actually do a tresspass.
Opponents of Homeopathy belong to category 1. They want evidence. They want Homeopathy to go through the same rigorous trials that modern medicine did.
No. Homeopathy doesn’t work for anything. It’s physically impossible for it to work. It is literally the stupidest of all pseudoscientific “alternative” medicines.
I have seen my mother go to her clinic, religiously, on a daily basis, even if she's sick herself, for the last 20 years. She goes there, before her scheduled time, and comes back, after the specified time-frame of the working hours of the clinic. And on a daily basis, she gives medicines to 20-40 patients. She has atleast 5-10 new cases every week. Patients wait for half an hour to 2 hours (she doesn't have an appointment system, like most other places in India, it is more a walk-in, first-come-first-serve basis clinic.) to get to talk to her, tell her about their problems and then get their medicines for the next week(s). And every afternoon or night (depending on which part of the day she's working) I see her come home with a content face, with the feeling that screams 'I made a difference in someone's life today. I helped them lead a better life..
Postulated by a physician Samuel Hahnevann all the way back in the 1700s, 'The 'Law of similars' states that Like cures like'. A remedy to an ailment produces symptoms which are similar to the ailment itself. Coffee acts as a stimulant and makes a person more energetic and prevents them from sleeping. According to this bizarre explanation, a person who is suffering from restlessness can be cured by administering coffee (which produces symptoms similar to that of the ailment) . How can the public be so gullible to believe that coffee, a universally known stimulant can be used to cure insomnia and restlessness?.
The most remarkable so far has been a family friend with a debilitating neurological condition who had spent their whole life being (not to put too fine a point to it) run around by conventional doctors offering conflicting, ineffective, and sometimes borderline malicious treatment. Some years of treatment by an excellent homeopath (hats off) have reduced the symptoms to an unprecedented degree, and allowed them to put their life together—it’s impressive to watch.
From my personal experience, it all depends on how good your homeopath is. Unlike allopathy, there is no ‘one’ medicine that cures a particular ailment in homeopathy. The system believes that ailments are inter-related and it requires a trained mind to unearth the cause and customize your meds and dosage to get the desired effects.
Before jumping to how homeopathy being superior or inferior with no side effects, first let us understand how a drig works. Our bodies is composed of cells and each cells are made up of receptor ( Intracellular receptors, nuclear receptors, Muscarinic receptor, nicotinic receptor etc). Several cells share similar type of receptors ( Like Lungs and smooth muscles share M3 receptors, cerebral cortex and salivary glands share M1 receptor etc). So the side effects you see on heart with administration of drugs in bronchial asthma, justifies the drug is working well on the lungs.
This means that the homeopathic sugar pills were no more effective than non-magic sugar pills. Not really surprising. The placebo effect is not going to prevent malaria or cure AIDS or any of the other ridiculously dangerous claims that are made by homeopaths. Stick to evidence-based medicine, and you won't go wrong. Rely on evidence-free so-called alternative medicines, and you'll suffer.
Homeopathy is based on a principle of “like cures like.” In other words, something that brings on symptoms in a healthy person, can in infinitesimal doses, treat an illness with similar symptoms. This is meant to trigger the body’s natural defenses. Treatments are “individualized” that is they are tailored to each person and it is common for different people with the same condition to receive different treatments. It is a very holistic approach to your body hence an individual is taken as a whole and not just the diseased organ or part.
So what exactly is the question, does homeopathy work as a medical(ish) treatment or do homeopathic compounds have biologic activity? The doctors at MD Anderson don't care what anyone thinks and settled the second part of this with a study using breast cancer cells and homeopathic medicines/compounds in a dilution which you all say has no actual stuff in it. Guess what? The answer they got was yes it does. And since they were using breast cancer cells and not people, there is no placebo affect. Just because it doesn't make sense, doesn't mean the results aren't valid and since the results were published in a peer reviewed journal means the study and results were vetted by people with more expertise than anyone in this forum.
In 1796, when Samuel Hahnemann invented the concept of homeopathy, allopathic medicine was often toxic, scary and ineffective (blood letting), since our knowledge of pathophysiology and medicine at that time was almost non existent, also a belief system, mostly unproven but taken from ancient books written by the famous Arabic (and Greek) physicians of the olden times, not empirical. So the chances of survival would often be better on homeopathic medicine.
The entire theoretical framework of homeopathy is nonsense. The idea that you can reverse the effect of a chemical by diluting in water sufficiently is wrong. It’s just completely, utterly wrong. Your typical homeopathic dilution is literally a glass of water with a drop of alcohol in it. There is no active ingredient.
However, if you test it under blinded conditions against placebo, it performs no differently. When people do not know whether they are getting a homeopathic formulation or a dose of water (well, actually, for all practical purposes, those are the same), they do not show any different response to the homeopathic treatment.
Yes, it actually works.. At the age of 16 I was diagnosed with chronic tonisilities. For 2 years, I suffered terrible pain and couldnt eat and talk, there was no hope.. I went to many ENT specialists in Guwahati. The only solution is to surgery because an antibiotic last for only 1 month. Then I went to Apollo Chennai. It was all same , they also prescribed antibiotics and told for immediate surgery. Then , one day my relative told me about a homeopathy clinic , I went to that homeopathy clinic in Guwahati, I started taking medicine Carcinocin for around 7 to 8 months. After, 3 months of taking medicine, I just got much relief and within a year I am completely cured. Now, my age is 22 and I havent got any tonsilities after then.. I am so happy about this system and I have faith in it.
Homeopathy is a complementary or alternative medicine (CAM). This means that homeopathy is different from treatments that are part of conventional Western medicine in important ways.
Homeopathy is most popular alternative medicine practice. In India it is very popular. But some people has doubt about homeopathy. There is enough reasons for doubt. Homeopathy is not as clinically proven like Allopathy. Many people claim it a pseudoscience. But reality is that homeopathy is effective. In India each year millions of people are being cured by Homeopathy.
Yes. There is no need for any believe in the medicine too. I had given homeo medicine for my pet animal cat and could save the side effects of fish having ammoina. Once a parrot arrived at my home, which was sick and cannot stand properly. I gave some food, but failed to take food and her eyes shows severe sadness. Noting the same, by holding the bird, I gave sepia 30x two drops with water ( I had a fear about its attack. Due to severe illness, it cannot do anything. So I could wide open the peck and gave the medicine.). Within one hour, marked improvement noted and thereafter took food and water. The parrot was not mine and I loved all pet animals very much. Later I got information that it belongs to nearby family and the same escaped by opening the door of the cage. It was very friendly one even though I had fear in mind on seeing its peculiar peck. I wanted to provide help and save the bird from illness. One day our cat caught ill after eating fresh fish from a fish seller. My house is very near to the road and just by hearing the sound of horn of the vehicle, she expressed her uncontrollable desire and later she got fresh fish from the seller. Within one hour she became ill and her look became very sad. A two days before, there was an article in the leading newspaper regarding the use of ammonia as preservative. Noting the same, I gave ammonium carb 30x. After one hour I noticed a slight improvement and after 4pm, it comes to normal stage. All other cats in the locality,which got fish from the seller were killed. But our one only survived and that fish seller had to cancel our route too on account of fear. The cure was only due to homeopathic effect. In all cases, we depended only on homeopathy. For curing of illness of domesticated animals like cow, cat, duck, hen etc. Every time through homeo, we could get brilliant result and we noticed that homeo is effective for both man and animals too. We have many such experiences and in all cases we could see excellent results.
Whether homeopathy works, or not, has nothing to do with homeopathy. It is determined by your definition of “works”. In conventional medicine, most medicines make no attempt to cure, they are designed to address signs and symptoms. If they successfully (defined as better than a placebo) address signs and symptoms some of the time (eg. in some clinical studies), they are considered to “work”. Cured is not defined and not a goal for any disease not caused by a parasite, so most medicines make no claim, and no attempt to work.
There is no legitimate scientific basis to homeopathic medicine, and there are no properly conducted scientific studies that show it has any meaningful ability to cure -- or even improve -- any condition. Though given that homeopathic remedies are basically just water or sugar pills, in large enough quantities they'd probably do a good job on dehydration or low blood sugar levels.
And homeopathy isn't harmless. It trains people to try useless treatments for serious medical conditions, and avoid real proven treatments. Homeopaths in general are more likely to reject vaccinations. It substitutes woo (unfounded or ridiculous ideas) for science. And, of course, it means that the purveyors of homeopathy are preying on the gullibility of the sick and suffering.
As none were available, I consulted a homeopath, she gave me two sugar pills to put under my tongue, one now, and one later. pain disappeared over night and has NEVER returned, that was 15 years ago.
There is no plausible physical mechanism by which it could work, and in any case, hundreds of studies have been conducted into homeopathy, and as a result scientists can say with a very high degree of certainty that when rigorously tested (i.e. double-blind randomised controlled trials) it does not perform better than placebo.
Whether it is a painting, drawing, dance, music, writing, collage, other crafts, or any combination of the above, it is a way for the artist to hold on to an idea, feeling, or thought, and express it through the chosen art form which is then the physical manifestation of the artist's idea, feeling, or thought.
There are many purposes. To some it is an expression of their lives. To others it is to inspire. To some it is to tell a story or to give people a glimpse into what life was like before we had cameras and video. But then you have stuff like this which makes you wonder “where did we go wrong culturally.
I work in a hospital. I’m only a lowly psychologist (lower, in fact — an assistant psychologist), so I’m not saving lives in the most direct sense, but every day I go home with a little flicker of pride that maybe I made someone’s life a little better. Maybe I gave them advice that made it a little easier to handle being sick, to play with their children again, to enjoy life.
Art surrounds life, all people in every location, without us being aware of it. Since time immemorial, art has existed as long as man has. It is a huge part of our culture, which shapes our ideas, and vice versa, and provides us with a deeper understanding of emotions, self-awareness, and more. Defined as one of the seven elements of art, next to line, shape, space, form, texture, and color, the value in art is a quality or a value of light and dark of a certain shade or tone. This art element is best understood if visualized as a scale or a gradient.
I have come across many attempts to answer this question. Mostly it shrinks down to the vague, sheepish and carefully polite answer that -art is an expression of abstraction. People think it is safe to regard art as next to something supernatural and almost alien.
I set out to try and look as to what great minds and great artists opinions of this question are and were. What I began to see is that like art itself there are as many interpretations of this answer as there are artists and patrons of the arts. However I think some compelling trends and common ground can be found amongst these quotes.
Art is important in life because it is an expression of our soul. We communicate through our art and through it can express the intangible. As well, art adds beauty and meaning to our lives.
ART seems to fix this naturally occurring “glitch”, with some MENTAL FLUFF, to polster the mind from overexhaustion, by unused self-aggregation, which spins out of control, it is like a nebulous cloud, which protects your mind from getting skin cancer, by the brawling sun of it”s own trapped consciousness, in a glass cabinet.
I am currently a full time student of the Dhrupad form of Indian Classical Music (The oldest surviving form of Indian Music..). I live in a Gurukul run by the Gundecha Brothers, Padmashree Award winning artists (Padmashree is the 4th highest Civilian honor in India. It's quite a big deal!) learning from them in the traditional Guru-Shishya style of learning.
Art is an attempt to communicate something, pure and simply. If we're talking visual art, then it's an attempt to communicate something visually...if we're talking 'arts' in general, then I'd say it's an attempt to communicate through whichever form(s) you're using - movement, spoken word, words, sound, moving pictures, etc.
Some of you might say it is a sketch of a cute little girl. Some will go further and will say there is her reflection also. Few may think there is a hidden message in her reflection like something related to factories and deforestation. A few will go ahead in their imagination and will say, it represents the future of this girl if we don’t start caring about Earth.
Art is the effort to turn the invisible into visible. It is the result from the creative process of a given individual, and is meant to touch that within others which is immaterial, abstract, insubstantial, "etheric". You could call this, emotions, memories, thoughts, or maybe even the spiritual self. You can maybe call multiple of these, or none, or use different words.
She would climb up this tree every morning, to sit there for hours looking at the world from above. Because the tree grew right next to the bus stop, she would watch out for a school bus arriving every day to collect all the kids, notifying her friends how far the bus was. She would climb up to watch the sunsets every evening, being fascinated how colourful the sky could get. And some days, she would wake up early to watch sunrises too.
Life stops nowhere, they say. It keeps on running and you've got to keep the pace with it. Sure, it does! The race of getting the highest marks in the class, of getting through entrance examinations, of getting into the best college, of getting a good and decent job, and this goes on forever, until we die. Within these conventional races that we helplessly become a part of, there are small and big struggles that we face everyday. But what we forget about, while running relentlessly, is that life is meant to be lived, and that part of “life”, in this process of respiration that supposedly keeps us 'alive', is what we call ART.
I prefer to consume (and create) art without any purpose. It's sensual for me, which means that I like to look at it (listen to it, etc) and have a response. I suppose you argue that, for me, the purpose of art is to give me something to respond to. But that seems like a weak use of the word "purpose" to me.
Art is the experience of the mysterious, it is the communication medium for those in need of some changes through the imagination world created by the artist or healing power who have been through pain, it could also be the entertainment who is in search of happiness.
I am surprised by the fact that no one has replied to this question. I am happy to attempt to answer it though. In fact, this is a question I have been thinking about a lot lately. As a student, it always seemed that all these arts related subjects were what took us (me and my classmates) further. But one might ask: "How?".
When I refer to “the arts“ I mean all of the arts: painting and sculpture, architecture, dance, music, literature, theater, film, and crafts such as jewelry and pottery-making —-any creative endeavor one can be involved in or watch as a performance. These are just a few of the things that art does for all of us.
Art is a way to express many things. It's a way to deal with feelings that cannot be expressed through typical means like conversation or words. Art gives a way to express your emotions.Art comforts man through poems, literature, songs, drama and cinema. Art lovers can spend their whole life working for art. Art serves to fulfil the desire of man to transcend the death and decay to which all earthly things are subject.
Yes because art is an expression, so you can express using traditional methods, you can express using non traditional methods, you can express using steel, or stone, food, fabric and it will still be art.
I suppose that I’ll give you the chance to decide. This is my digital art. Since coming across this medium, I never turned back. I could quickly illustrate my thoughts and actions. I could spend anywhere from hours to minutes creating pieces and relieving myself from oppressive anxiety and overflowing emotions.
It does mean that I spent several years of my life focused on traditional art methodologies like painting and drawing and printmaking, in media like pencil and acrylic and oil paint, and charcoal and oil and chalk pastel. I’ve tried clay and mixed media in two and three dimensions.
The question here is not is it art or isn't it but really the debate on digital vs traditional art styles comes down to "Do we treat digital art with the same respect as we treat traditional art and should we value these mediums equally?".
It reminds me my colleague from art school. We both had the same young teacher of painting. One day, he criticised her. (Well, she really did painted an aweful nose, so the figure looked like Swedish troll from the profile. But this guy wasn't mean, he just pointed out an anatomical mistake.) Since then she had harbored great resentment to him. When he died tragically, I remember her words: “And good! He wasn't a real artist at all!" When I asked, why she thought so, she said.
In saying that art being “good” is subject to the person. I really enjoy looking at art of all kinds. When I see a picture and feel something that the artists has intended to portray, then they are a good artist. That is why even abstract art like Picasso paintings are looked up to, because of the feeling he portrays.
How the audience perceives the end result is a matter of personal taste. The issue this question brings up is a personal debate between the ego of the artists and their followers. Is it easier for a digital painter to get to a desired result more quickly than if she were to use physical media? Most likely yes. The power of “undo” cannot be underestimated. That’s why most switch hitting artists do their commercial works digitally, then do their esoteric works in traditional media. Some artists are strictly digital because that may have been the most affordable medium for them to start. Their ability to master the medium to visualize their thoughts for everyone to see is still magical. It’s still an art.
Meh, I mean, it depends on what you are looking for, most martial arts are supposed to be effective in real combat, so it depends on your style, your personality, what you want to learn, your build characteristics. Many martial arts need considerable physical capabilities, while others focus primarily on pure technique. You can become a fighting beast without being extremely strong physically.
This overvaluation is mainly because traditional martial arts do not fit the modern world. They were developed in different times and under different circumstances from which we are now far removed. Furthermore, the fact that arts no longer receive rigorous testing (on the battlefield) has allowed some modern teachers of traditional arts or modern derivatives of them to teach, frankly, bullshit with impunity. The core of the arts themselves were once proven, their traditions having survived conflict after conflict.
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) 100%. Women typically don’t have to worry about being jumped by several people. Their concern is more for Sexual assault or boyfriend/husband (domestic abuse) for a one on one situation especially man vs woman BJJ is where it’s at. It is all based on Levers and Fulcrums so you don’t need a lot of strength to utilize the vast majority. I’m fact this style was designed especially to be used by a weaker person against a much stronger.
You can’t really describe all of the methods and systems used for fighting as martial arts, in the strict sense of the word, as they are not formal schools with a syllabus and grades - which is what most of us think of when the term ‘martial art’ is used. Some of the best methods for hand to hand fighting can’t really be termed martial arts, at least in the formal sense of the word. On the other hand some might say that anything trained for combat is a martial art - such as rifle shooting. So I guess it depends on how you define the term martial art in the first place.
This question is very difficult. Mainly because there are many types of "real world situations". Some systems were created for areas with lots of war. For civilians, these systems may not really be usefull all the time. If you train Krav Maga but your opponent is your uncle who had a few too many drinks and suddenly becomes a bit too aggressive, Krav's violent nature may not be the correct response.
The novice has to begin to understand the difference, and to separate action from art (under a specific name), and technique from tactics or strategy. Any instructor at any school teaching a quality program of ANY Martial Art system can teach you techniques that will work and be "effective," or "useful" in any situation. The choice of individual techniques to be applied range from strikes (with closed fists, open knife-hands, feet, knees, elbows, etc.) to throwing (sweeps, trips, reaps, flips and any take-down) to grappling (joint locks, pressure points, choke holds, and other restraints as well as the escapes and counters to release yourself).
Im going to give you a straight answer from my experience and not some fucking summary about how your best defense is to run, yes in certain situations running is the best option but in stand up fights and heat of the moments you stand your ground. I’ve been in martial arts for quite some time now and I’ve seen many varieties of martial arts and fights that include them. My top 5 martial arts that are most effective in the streets due to experience first hand and eye witness my self are ...
Slow Metabolism is the main reason for weight gain which leads cravings to food and stores your fat in belly, thighs and butt.Whereas Fast Metabolism boosts burning up your Fat like a butter in a microwave. some of them try ketogenic, low carb diets, workouts but finally what they end up losing one or two pounds and they lose confidence in these methods but sure it works if they are consistent in their methods. There are also risks involved in being overweight. If you're overweight, you're 62 percent, more likely to have a heart attack, 64 percent more likely to have a stroke 81 percent more likely to have coronary artery disease, and 22 percent more likely to get Alzheimer's. But if you have way to improve your metabolism through a veggie pill along with your workout you can experience a fast result. This pill is all Natural made of African Mango Extract and Fucoxanthin (Pigments in sea weeds) which will boost your metabolism to burn your fat.
The National Institute of Health has one of the best online web websites on weight reduction tablet components. After analyzing different products, the NIH concludes that many can assist consumers with losing weight and with minimum clinical help.
Whether it is prescribed by doctors or can be bought over the counter, there is a best weight loss drug that you can take to help you lose that excessive weight you've been wanting to shed off without going through strenuous exercises. The best weight loss drug should be able to do the any or more of the following things.
Please don't take any pills to lose weight. They are not healthy and their effectiveness wanes over time. Don't try any outlandish diets either. Choose an eating pattern you can adhere to for the rest of your life. Abstain from refined carbohydrates, don't cater for your sweet tooth, but once a week it is fine if you take care of the young upstart (sic!) Wholewheat bread is very tasteful, therefore don't eat white bread. Also: don't fast. If you do your body will soon start 'thinking' you are starving it, with the result that it will cling to the fat it has, resulting in zero fat loss.
Long term weight loss is best achieved by developing healthy habits . No pill is needed, or should be considered, unless under doctor’s guidance. Eating less processed foods and more vegetables, exercising more and doing other things to balance hormones, such as leptin and ghrelin, is key. Reflection on habits that caused weight gain and development of a sound plan to move forward is needed. Pills are rarely needed.
None. Weight loss pills are marketed to play on your insecurities. Not to mention, they really f* up your body for the long run. I would suggest making better eating choices slowly but surely and adding minimal exercise to your daily routine. If you're looking for a ‘quick fix’ I regret to tell you there is none. Trust me, ive tried a lot.
Absolutely NO, the only way to lose weight is to eat less than your needs calories, for example, if you need daily 2000 calories to maintain your weight then you need 1600-1800 to lose weight. That's it.
The weight loss with by far the strongest evidence for actually working is not a pill but a daily SQ injection. The medication, Liraglutide, ( marketed as Saxenda for weight loss and as Victoza for treatment of type 2 diabetes) works by mimicking the “satiety hormone “ GLP-1 in the GI system and in the CNS thus reducing appetite and reversing insulin resistance associated with obesity and a prediabetic state.
Nearly all weight loss pills now are basically caffeine pills — green tea, etc. operate using similar methods and the research isolating coffee and green tea as being particularly effective are generally flawed. Caffeine is one of the least effective stimulants, but it’s also incredibly safe. Caffeine can cause you to burn an extra 10 calories…maybe.
There is an awesome pill you can take to lose weight… and the more you take, the faster you lose the weight. Please stay with me here… It is also easily available - you can fine it online, as well as local stores like Walmart and target. But the biggest problem is that the pill is very hard to swallow. I mean so hard that most people that try it abandon it within 2–3 days. Some stick with it for bit longer, like 7 to 10 days. It’s not that you have to take it 3 times a day. You can take it as little as once every two days. But the key is consistency. If you miss one day you must make up. If you wait few days then the pill becomes hard to swallow again. Ok I know.. what is the pill… well its quite popular and I am sure you have heard of it… ready? No seriously? The hardest pill to swallow to lose weight is diet and exercise… now tell me isn’t that hard to swallow? But you also know that’s the truth.
Here’s a funny but true story. People at a local church had a person who had some pills that seemed to really work for weight loss. So word got around and soon a number of people were distributing these pills to parishioners in the church. Eventually it was discovered that the pills contained methamphetamine. So, yeah, certain drugs may work, but I damn sure wouldn’t take them.
In broad terms, lowering your weight and exercising moderately should lower your blood sugar levels somewhat, but you would still need at least oral medication and proper monitoring by a medical professional.
This is the result of the UK DIRECT Study by Professor Michael Lean, those who, after 6 months on a 825–875 Cal. diet (which I feel many participants weren’t able to keep to), could keep their weight in check after two years, of those having consistantly lost >15 kg of weight 70% had their diabetes in remission, meaning no meds needed, without med glucose parameters normal.
In every case make sure to discuss your treatment plan with your doctor in detail as diabetes is best managed when you are aware of the action of each drug and the side effects of each medicine.
There were large trials showing in type 2 diabetes patients that pills were not as good as insulin injections in controlling hemoglobin A1C levels or controlling after meal blood sugars optimally. We also knew from studies with type 1 diabetics that there was less mortality in patients who were treated with 3 or 4 insulin injections per day.
However, the “dogma”(or the prevailing teaching) in the 1980’s was that type 1 diabetes should be treated with insulin and type 2 diabetes should be treated with pills. On the positive note diabetologists (diabetes specialists) have been able to study the metabolic syndrome (=syndrome of insulin resistance) in more detail and how this can lead to insulin resistance and diabetes type 2.
Which medicine should you be taking to control your diabetes? That's a question that needs to be answered after your doctor takes into account several important factors, such as your personal medical history, including your heart health and your risk of kidney disease. As your doctor has no doubt told you, just having type 2 diabetes (T2D) puts you at increased risk of having heart disease and so both conditions should be tackled simultaneously.
Ibdoma ‘s question What is the accurate medicine for diabetes? - Your question is quite vague. By accurate medicine, I suppose you mean best. Diabetes is 7 different types of diseases, 4 are diabetes insipidus which causes excessive thirst and urination without elevated blood glucose levels. There are 3 main types of diabetes mellitus which are marked by elevated blood glucose levels, plus the symptoms of excessive thirst and urination are often present.
Before I let you know the merits of Geography as an Optional Subject, please remove the notions and biases from your mind that might have developed as a result of your discussions on various online forums and maybe with your friends and seniors.
Geography as a subject is very interesting. It is easy to understand and reproduce in the exam. It is a mix of technical and social science. From the UPSC’s point of view, this subject has its pros and cons.
Physical geography section is quite technical and scoring. People from a technical background, say, mechanical and civil engineering find it interesting. There is no need to memorize facts and figure (except some theories). Everything is lucid and can be mastered easily. Students from humanity find it a little bit difficult.
Dear it depends on your educational background, if you are from science stream,engineer or doctor then geography is the best optional ,even if you have studied science upto 12 th class then you can safely opt for Geography optional. Having geography as your optional you have following advantages.
Geography is one of the popular subjects in the UPSC examination. It is widely chosen by many aspirants because the syllabus of geography optional is less than compared to other syllabuses. Candidates can score good marks on geography optional if they have prepared well. If you want to get a good score on Geography optional then join Ajay Raj Sir coaching. He provides the best coaching for geography optional. His way of teaching is excellent. I am a student of Ajay Raj Sir coaching. I got a good Score on Geography optional by the proper guidance of Ajay Sir. I am completely satisfied with his coaching.
Geography is a subject that you will enjoy reading because this subject is related to science and we get new things and new information, we get to know new things about our atmosphere. If I am to give my personal review, I would say that geography is a much more likable subject. Anyway, I am also preparing for UPSC and many aspirants like me opted for Geography as an optional subject because they know that this subject will be much better for him, Geography is the most chosen subject as the optional for getting good scoring. By the way, you will want to give your personal review to this question because it is very important, do you definitely feel comfortable about taking that subject or not? Because it is our future, as all know, we cannot take it so lightly, so look at it. if you are perfect in geography or want to be perfect in it, it is very important to clear your basics. I did my preparation from the basics of geography. I started my preparation from the NCERT books which is best for basics. It will be clear that basic knowledge is not enough for the UPSC examination as it requires advanced knowledge. So I thought it necessary to prepare for the examination from coaching. After that, I took Ajay Raj sir coaching. He teaches geography in an excellent way. And he clears all the concepts of geography because when he teaches in his class, he uses charts which makes it very easy to understand.
ing or very little to mug-up. Geography has a lot of overlap with subjects like sociology, economics, environment, philosophy, ecology, and conservation. Hence it becomes an attractive proposition for the aspirants. Read the Basic NCERT books to get a feel of the subject and its various dimensions. But NCRT Books are not enough for getting good score. You need some guidance which is provided by Ajay Raj Sir. You must join Ajay Raj Sir Coaching for getting good score in Geography Optional.
Easy to understand and with study material readily available, geography is one such subject that increases your chances of scoring high marks in UPSC IAS examination. I myself have been a candidate with Geography as optional and I was successful in my first attempt in IAS. Also with Ajay Raj Sir’s coaching, you can be assured to avail the best guidance which is essential for comprehensive subject understanding and better opportunities of success.
In UPSC Civil Services Main Examination, candidates are allowed to choose an optional subject. Geography is now the most preferred subject among the optional subjects chosen by the candidates, followed by History, Public Administration and Sociology. Among the candidates who qualify to write UPSC Mains (written exam) every year, around 3000 candidates prefer Geography as the optional subject. Geography as a subject is very interesting. It is easy to understand. You can grab the highest marks on this subject. Geography is a commonly chosen subject, good books and materials are coaching available in the market as well as good guidance. There are various books for preparing Geography but so much information in books that it becomes very difficult to chalk out what to study and what not to study. You need proper guidance on what to read and what not. Ajay Raj provides the best guidance for the preparation of geography optional. I was the student of his coaching institute and I have personal experience with his coaching. I am thankful to Ajay Sir for his guidance and support. Without his guidance, I can't get a high score on geography optional of the UPSC Exam. So, I suggest his online coaching for those aspirants who have opted geography as an optional subject in UPSC Exam.
Geography is the most preferred subject among the optional subjects chosen by the candidates, followed by History, Public Administration and Sociology. You choose geography optional, it depends on your educational background, if you are from science stream, engineering then geography is the best optional, even if you have studied science up to 12th class then you can safely opt for Geography optional because geography is the scientific subject. The subject has several advantages. The syllabus of optional overlaps with several topics from GS. Geography students practice lots of maps and diagrams. This makes the presentation beautiful. Thus, this can fetch more marks! If you are starting your preparation of geography optional then NCRT Books are best but NCRT books are not enough, you should join the coaching of Ajay Raj Sir. His coaching covers the whole syllabus from UPSC’s point of view and thus he guides the aspirants, what to read, which is the best for getting a good score. Ajay sir provides the best coaching. He has many years of good experience in geography. Many students of Ajay Raj Sir's coaching got selected in UPSC Exam. I have personal experience with Ajay sir coaching. By the guidance of Ajay sir, I got good marks on geography optional of the UPSC exam. I am satisfied with his coaching and I recommended to every UPSC aspirants who choose geography as an optional subject in the main examination.
Every year the UPSC holds the Civil service exams to recruit civil servants. This examination is conducted in three steps: the CSATs or the prelims, the MAINS and the final Interview. Papers V & VI of the Mains are based on the optional subjects chosen by the student. UPSC provides a wide array of optional subjects including subjects like mechanical engineering, chemistry, botany, zoology, geography, etc. Optional is something everybody wants to score in. Because aspirants writing mains have more or less the same knowledge in GS and so real difference that is made is in Optional, Essay and ethics paper. Geography is one of the best optional subjects for the Civil Services Exam. Many aspirants choose geography optional for getting a good score on the UPSC exam. Geography is a commonly chosen subject, good books and materials are readily available in the market as well as good guidance. Also, Geography as a subject is very relevant to a civil servant. Since the syllabus covers a broad aspect and not just physical geography it helps in the all-around understanding of the country and its problems and development of the mind. Geography optional has some advantages. It is scientific in nature unlike most other Arts optional. Hence, logical and rational and It is heavily covered directly in GS Paper-1 and also indirectly in many areas of GS Paper-3 of IAS Mains. Sufficient material is available in the form of books as well as coaching institute material. This helps in fetching good marks on UPSC Main Exam. If you to get a good score on geography optional then join Ajay Raj Sir Coaching classes. He not only teaches you but also gives you proper guidance on how to prepare for geography optional.
Geography is a very good optional for UPSC the subject studies socio geographic too..which helps to understand a particular place better and easy to answer the questions in interview
Even having all this good things there is one thing that makes this subject highly low score fetching and that is huge number of candidates opt for this subject. Almost every year nearly 5000 aspirants choose Geography as an optional. You will be thinking what's wrong in that ? I tell you. When you choose a subject which is already being chosen by thousands of students since many years then every answer you write gets compared with all those thousands of students who are studying it for years.
Geography as optional is the best, according to me because it is a subject that is taken the most. Because people are very comfortable to study. So although geography is good, for that you can get ready to prepare even more in the best way. Because the level for which you are preparing for the exam is not very common, it is a very big exam, and for that, the best preparation is required. By the way, while I was preparing for my UPSC exam, I also selected Geography in my optional subject. And with that my preparations are going on. By the way, if you are taking geography in your optional, then keep in mind that it is very important to have your basic and other small concepts clear. Because until the basic clear, then you can face some difficulty in preparing ahead. By the way, I had the same problem, then who told me that preparing from the book of ncert would be better than after that, I started preparing from the same book, but it was a problem that it was clearing the basic but I wanted more knowledge. After which I do not have any problem with the exam, after that my friend told me the name of a teacher who reads very good geography. By the way, his name is Ajay Raj Singh. And they teach me geography, Ajay sir is teaching very good geography and for the preparation of my exams, these are very good thing if you also want to step up your geography preparation, then I will recommend you only Ajay raj sing sir
Geography is the most popular subject to get good marks in UPSC. Many students choose Geography as an optional subject. The success rate of geography is high as an optional subject and another good thing about geography is that it overlaps the syllabus of general studies paper. Most candidates who are successful in the UPSC exam have geography as an optional subject. Geography is a commonly chosen subject and its good books and materials are easily available in the market but books are not enough for getting good marks, you need good guidance for getting the high scores in the UPSC exam because without good guidance you cannot get success in UPSC. Ajay Raj Singh is the best mentor for geography optional and he provides the best guidance. I am a student of Ajay Raj Sir and I have personal experience with his coaching institute. I want to share my personal experience with you. I started preparing for Geography Optional from NCRT Books, it cleared my basic but I needed more knowledge in Geography. So for that, I started looking for a coaching institute and I came to know about Ajay sir's coaching. After that, I joined his coaching and I benefitted greatly from his classes. I am thankful to Ajay sir as by his guidance I got good marks in the UPSC exam. If you want to get good marks in Geography Optional, then you can join Ajay Sir's coaching.
A subject that is best for UPSC exam needs to both simple to understand and remember and also easy to reproduce in the examination. Answering for geography is much simple than for any other subjects as you can easily reproduce descriptive answers and also do so quickly which helps in saving valuable time as well.
The ancient Greek scholar Eratosthenes (c. 276 BCE to c. 195 BCE) is commonly called the "father of geography," due to the fact that he essentially invented it as a scholarly discipline. Eratosthenes was the first to use the word geography and other terms that are still in use today, and he also had a small-scale notion of the planet within a greater view of the universe that paved the way for our modern understanding of the cosmos.
The ancient Greek scholar Eratosthenes is commonly called the "father of geography" for he was the first to use the word geography and he had a small-scale notion of the planet that led him to be able to determine the circumference of the earth.
Eratosthenes now continued from his knowledge about the Earth. Using his discoveries and knowledge of its size and shape, he began to sketch it. In the Library of Alexandria he had access to various travel books, which contained various items of information and representations of the world that needed to be pieced together in some organized format.
Eratosthenes was the first who tried to calculate the length of the equator to calculate the circumference of the earth. Hence, he is considered as the FATHER OF GEODESY. He wrote a geographical treatise, GEOGRAPHICA.
Eratosthenes now continued from his knowledge about the Earth. Using his discoveries and knowledge of its size and shape, he began to sketch it. In the Library of Alexandria he had access to various travel books, which contained various items of information and representations of the world that needed to be pieced together in some organized format.
Hecataeus is known as the father of Geography. His main book is “Ges Periodos” means Description of the earth which was published most probably before the end of the 6th century. It is the first systematic description of the world and because of this fact Hecataeous is known as the ‘ Father of geography’. It also gives the a detailed description about the Mediterranean sea, Islands, Straits, and describes the general outline of all the countries of the world.
Eratosthenes is named the father of geography. That is because he used the word "geography" and treated it like a proper subject. This was the first use of the word, which literally means "writing about the earth" in Greek. Geography also introduced the climatic concepts of torrid, temperate, and frigid zones. There is also Hecateaus who is considered to have studied Geography as a subject. But Geography is a subject which has been studied by many and overtime developed to what it is today.
However, Alexander von Humboldt (1765–1859) and Carl Ritter (1779–1859) are considered to be the father of Modern Geography.
Geography as we know it today didnt come into being till 1850s. The tradition of geography had been dispersed into treatise and even mythical mappa mundi till the medieval ages. Nonetheless, as modern geography goes There are two men who are considered to be the founding fathers of the discipline, the brilliant geographer and adventurist Alexander Von Humboldt and Carl Ritter. However the first person to systematically deal with human geography was Fredrich Ratzel, later known more as a political geographer. Ratzel's book Anthropogeographie (1882) was the first major work to have dealt with the Man-Earth relationship.
Claudius Ptolemy is a good candidate for the father of geography title. He was born in Greece c. AD 100 and worked as a prominent scholar in Alexandria, Egypt with multidisciplinary skills in mathematics, geography, and astronomy. He published the comprehensive Geographia c. AD 150, which included a gazetteer of more than 8,000 geographic features and population centers (with latitude and longitude coordinates) throughout Europe, North Africa, and much of Asia. Ptolemy’s Geographia also provided mathematical descriptions for three different types of map projections, including the Ptolemy's World Map conic projection used by many European cartographers centuries later during the Age of Exploration. The usefulness of Cluadius Ptolemy’s Geographia more than 12 centuries after publication strongly suggests he is worthy of the father of geography mantle.
The ancient Greek scholar and librarian (in fact, the Head Librarian of the Great Library of Alexandria) Eratosthenes is called the "father of geography" for defining the word "geography" and for determining the circumference of the earth. Learn more about the man who made up the word that allows us to study this exciting topic today. Carl Ritter (1779–1859) - Considered Father of modern geography.
Eratosthenes , the father of geography was a greek, expert in many disciplines like Astronomy, Geography and Mathematics. He is most famous for his calculation of earth circumference and for inventing the term geography.And he describes geography is a” study of earth”
As “geography done by humans” the first one who used the word “geografia” was Eratosthenes, and as the first one who united the whole geographical knowledge of his time I would consider Ptolemy.
I am Canadian, and I have discussed this with Brits and Australians and New Zealanders while travelling in countries around the world. Why don’t Americans know anything about the rest of the world? We generally came to the conclusion that American schools don’t teach their students any geography or international affairs.
Human beings do little that isn't either pleasurable or required by pressures in their environment. Why would some farmer in Iowa or a doctor on Texas give a rat’s ass about the capital of Bhutan (Thimphu) or the Murray River being Australia’s longest? (no, I didn't google those) Why would someone in North Dakota care where Poland is located or what the capital of India is? If it isn't fun and/or isn't required people don't do it.
Why are Americans so poor at geography? Most US schools no longer teach geography as a separate subject and combine it under an umbrella course, colloquially termed as "social studies." Since this encompasses history, civics,a degree of economics and geography it's safe to assume that only the students truly interested in the subject are going to benefit from being taught it. And, unfortunately, many students are NOT interested.
Most Americans don't know basic geography beyond the United States because there is a systematic exclusion of international geography and history from public schools in the US and roughly ninety percent of media coverage in the US is domestic. Where I grew up in rural Oregon we were expected to memorize the geography and history of the United States in minute detail and were never taught international geography or history. We were never even taught US history before 1492 or after 1870. Each year we covered the period between 1492 and 1870 again and again in increasing detail and including large doses of myth. Some schools are slightly better, including a little international geography or history to older students and a better myth to fact ratio.
The US is relatively isolated and independent. The US has two borders, Canada to the north and Mexico to the south. To the south, there are small Central and South American countries that do not impact our daily living. Europe, Asia, and Africa are a whole ocean away. Of course most Americans know today’s ‘superpowers’. Most Americans know about Russia, China, the UK, and France, but not everyone knows about Slovenia, or Qatar. Why? Well because, they are far away and not important to our society. But, if somebody lives in the EU, the development of Slovenia may very well impact their daily lives, as well as every other nation in Europe because, those in Europe are interdependent on each other because, they are smaller and don’t have every resource in their borders like the US does.
I started school in the mid 50's and graduated from high school in 1968. In the fifth grade we had American History. In the sixth grade it was Latin American, Mexico and Canadian History. In the seventh grade it was World Geography. In the eighth grade it was American History and European History. In ninth grade Geography. Tenth grade it was not required. In eleventh grade it was American History. Twelfth grade it was US Government.
here are a ton of answers here pointing to the American educational system. Yes, there is a lack of emphasis on geography as a specific subject. However, teachers of history and all other subjects are instructed to focus on higher order thinking skills over rote memorization. Therefore, most teachers are not going to give pop quizzes asking kids to label countries on a map. If students are being taught WWII, teachers focus on discussing motivations and implications of the war more than dates, locations and specific battles or treaties. I know, I’m a teacher. I also teach international students who came to the US specifically for this educational experience. I’ve had Chinese students whose parents have told me they wanted a more robust education than the one they’re offered in China. They want their children to think critically and not just recall facts. It’s my opinion, though, that requiring students to have a stronger grasp of dates and locations would aid in their understanding of world events, but we do what we’re told.
Well, depending on how you count, there are something like 200 countries in the world, some of which didn't used to be countries (e.g. Uzbekistan). Since Uzbekistan only became an independent country in 1991, anyone who went to school before that would have had to learn not just about countries, but regions. I can honestly say I never learned about Uzbekistan in school.
A lot of this seems to be politically too, not only by selecting someone like DeVos as Secretary of Education. Self-proclaimed conservatives just don’t have any interest in anything but the USA, are too f’ing ignorant and arrogant to see anything outside the USA as bad, undeveloped, if not outright dangerous to their own agenda. Try to ask them to point out Sweden or Denmark, those “socialist” (so they claim) countries on a map that isn’t labeled with the country names and don’t be surprised if they search for it somewhere in Asia (they may or may not recognize the shape of Africa). Their view of the USA being “the greatest nation on earth” simply has them ignoring and downgrading everything from the outside. Language, culture, economics, they are not only clueless, they don’t even care to really educate themselves. As mentioned, that would be dangerous for their agenda…
2nd grade is a really integral year in learning. I had an awful 2nd grade teacher, and I didn’t learn a lot of the things I was supposed to. Mrs. O’Keefe— If she’s still working for that school, I’ll write a letter to the school board about her one day. I have vivid memories of her ridiculing kids until they cried, then making them laugh so she wouldn’t get in trouble.
What is more, there is a cultural factor involved. Many people I knew when I lived in America saw no reason why anyone should know about Chinese history, or to care where Andijan is to be found. Thinking this way, such people consider anyone interested in the greater world to be a nerd.
Joking aside, at least in North Carolina, where I went to high school, geography was offered, but not a required class. We needed 4 social studies credits, and geography was in that category along with civics, political science, and history classes of various flavors (US, World, ancient greek/roman). It's possible to get a high school diploma in the US without ever taking a geography course.
It is very expensive to travel abroad for an American. For me it takes about the same amount of time for me to drive to Toronto, Canada as it would to fly to London, England, UK, but the flight is 10 times more expensive. Guess where I go more often when I want to travel out of the US?
Essentially no living human knows every nation's geography. Sure, Americans are poorer than may other nations at international geography, but it's just an exaggerated form of a universal problem. Americans have the excuse that many of them live hundreds of miles away from the nearest international border. Domestic geography is vastly more important than foreign geography to functioning capably in those parts (that majority) of America.
We know so little about geography because we have become entitled, complacent and lazy. We don’t care about geography because in order to learn it we also have to learn that there is a world outside the USA. We are one of the last holdouts in the world from the ridiculously logical and simple metric system of measurement because “it’s too hard” to learn. We have squandered the countless blessings of this land and have gone into stunning personal and national debt in order to sustain our materialism. We have elected a president who truly does represent nearly half of us, perhaps more than half. We will implode soon enough. So very sad.
The answer is quite simply that we do not value it. The response below about how all of the social sciences have been mashed together into "social studies" is correct. By calling it "social studies," students never get to learn any sort of appreciation for the subjects included, because each is glossed over so much. Additionally, calling something "social studies" garners little respect. Why should we respect disciplines that aren't taken seriously enough to stand on their own?
I think part of the blame can also go to people who care about geography unintentionally highlighting the wrong things. How often have you heard somebody exclaim, "This person can't even find X on a map"? If you're only going to know the location, and nothing else, there's not much value in knowing the location (and it's certainly not very interesting). When you start talking about why the lines are drawn where they are, and what the impacts of those lines are, it gets much more interesting (and useful).
This should be filed under generalizations - and generalizations are frequently wrong. In this case, consider that there are 330 million Americans - some travel, some don’t - and some study maps.
It’s somewhat due to the dumbing down of society and anti-intellectualism that’s been occurring over the years (and the overall relatively poor quality of the education system) but’s it’s also hardly helped by the fact that only 36% of Americans hold a valid passport. To be fair, it is a very large country but If you have no inclination to travel beyond your borders then you probably don’t care too much about what goes on beyond them either.
Of course, Americans, according to their education level, tend to get countries in Asia, Africa and even Europe confused. However, if you asked somebody from an Asian country to list countries in South America, or states/or cities within America, they would be equally confused. Similarly, almost everyone outside of Africa seems to get African countries confused.
We don’t have that, so it’s pointless, as well many of us will never visit a neighbour. When I was in geography class, we just coloured maps. that was the whole class. And it wasn’t until I went to visit my Polish little sister for the first time that I started learning where all the countries were, and recently I’ve gotten the popular game ‘’Hearts Of Iron 4′’, and through playing a modern day mod for it i’ve learned where every country is, it’s political identity, and it’s significance in history. The Average American cares nothing of this useless waste of time, and would rather argue about the small differences in the political parties.
We live in a fairly homogeneous, very large nation, with a very small southern border, and a very large, unsecured northern border. The vast majority have a similar culture, and similar customs. Very few citizens want to travel outside our border, thus have limited knowledge of the rest of the world.
Because in USA people are programmed to think about FOOD, HOLLYWOOD, and SPORTS. Think of most conversation what they revolve around, what is on television or magazines....same stuff! USA people don't really care about what the rest of the world is doing, as long as the oil keeps flowing and low cost product are on the shelf at Walmart.
I agree with my American counterparts. Many of us know a lot about Geography. I often impress Canadian visitors to Palm Springs when I say I know that Canada is to the north of the US and Mexico is to the south. Of course, I’m being sarcastic. I know just about every capital of Canadian Provinces and Mexican States - I wonder how many Canadians know every US State Capital. So next time when you discussing how stupid and fat we are with your counterparts in Britain, Australia, and New Zealand, why not invite us into the conversation. We may be pretty ignorant, but we’re the only ones who can bring a good bagel with us.
I live in the U.K. and personally do not know exactly where Ukraine is. And I doubt you would know exactly where somewhere like cincinatti is (unless you have been there). Also America is a very large country and so most people concentrate on the diversity in america and are not told most other stuff in geography lessons.
Blaming the education system for something that they taught you in 5th grade and is printed on a single piece of paper that you can view anytime is nonsense. Did school teach these idiots to use an iPhone? No. iPhone is more complicated than a map.
‘Not knowing much” about any subject area is relative. I have traveled more more widely in Canada than many Canadians. It is not uncommon for Europeans to be unable to name the most distinctive of our fifty states, and the one with the second longest shore line (no! it’s not Florida). Our nation is only two hundred years old, but it encompassed much of the exploration of Cortez, another two hundred years earlier. It is very true that citizens of other nations may be able to associate their great buildings with a longer history and geography, but it is not necessarily true that others have greater knowledge of geography than US citizens. We may not know of the ancient boundries of your nation, nor under whom they were expanded, but we know of the continents and sub-continents, the oceans and seas, and the location of the major world powers. I personally spent the summer of 1952 in Thule, Greenland, and am well aware of the effects of recent global warming. That is geographically important to both you and I - very possibly more important than the current boarder of Swaziland.
Americans don’t know about Uzbekistan because it’s not a well-known or relevant country in the world, and there are not too many Uzbeks in America. Americans simply have no reason to know anything about Uzbekistan. It has nothing to do with Americans being bad at geography.
The Americans only have knowledges on a mass country they knew where did it locate. Such as, they know Britain, they know France, Germany, Spain, Russia, China, Japan, India, Australia… because they both shared vast influences of history. Such like this.
Probably because America is vast and most states are country sized. Also with the Pacific on one size and the Atlantic on the other it's fairly geographically remote from Europe and Asia. I live in the UK so have a pretty good awareness of western Europe but my knowledge decreases the further East you go (with several exceptions) so I would call it pretty natural based on where people live.
To be fair, one would have to compare this to knowledge of inhabitants of other big countries - say, how many Chinese, Indians, Indonesians or Brazilians know where is Lichtenstein, Kosovo or Moldova?
In my personal experience, if anything, those on the coasts are less aware about geography than those in the middle. Growing up in the Midwest, I had no problem knowing where other states are located, and was amazed after moving to the West Coast to learn very few people knew where my home state of Missouri is placed on the map.
I suspect most US natives know where Canada and Mexico are. If you live within plausible ground-based travel distance of another country (or city/state/province) or if other countries matter to you for economic or security reasons, you'll be pretty sure to know where they are. Saying "Americans can't fine (Iraq/Vietnam/Afghanistan) on a map." is a way of saying we don't have interests (or interest in) those countries and therefore shouldn't be fighting wars there. Similar answer, btw, for languages.
America has two borders; Mexico who hasn't been a threat for 150 years and Canada. Americans have lived insulated and not threatened causing us to not give a toot about anyone else. As a result, our education has been limited to teaching about our conquest for independence and our civil war, with very little mention of who we stepped on to keep our independence.
The USA is third in square miles, behind Russia and Canada, with about 3.7 million square miles. Combine Great Britian, Germany, France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Switzerland, Belgium, Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden, Czech Republic, Norway then throw in India and you still don't cover as much geographic area (total square miles). It is a huge country with a fairly large, culturally diverse population.
Geography isn't required in most grade schools although there is some elements of geography in social studies and various history classes. In a lot of universities, some geography courses are electives for the social sciences requirement. Keep in mind this requirement for social sciences general education includes various history, psychology, sociology, gender studies, religious studies, etc depending on the college/university. Taking a geography course isn't mandatory unless you are majoring in it, or studying environmental sciences, GIS, Remote Sensing, Urban Studies/Planning or other related fields.
Without consulting a map and simply relying on a mental map, most people would cite the “jut out” of the Florida peninsula and its eastern position as surefire evidence that it is the closest US state to Africa.
Well, in terms of “nearest non-adjacent neighbouring country” rank, it wouldn’t have changed anything since the coast of Chukotka (Russia) is 23 miles from Big Diomede, hence Russia would still remain the nearest non-adjacent neighbour to the USA. Only, you couldn’t walk from one country to the other, except during glaciations, which is in fact what happened the last time there has been one.
With a total area of more than 3 million square kilometers, the Republic of Sakha is the largest country subdivision on Earth. If it was independent, Sakha would be the 8th largest country—between India and Argentina.
Department of Geography headed by professors came into existence for the first time in the Germany in 1874 and at that time most of the professors teaching geography were trained in natural science. During the period from 1876 until World war 2, geographers all around the World were seeking to establish the status of geography as an independent discipline distinct in its concepts and procedures from other disciplines.
The inclination of the earth causes different seasons on the planet. If the earth is not inclined, there will be no alternating summer and winter in any part of the earth.
This is the Mercator Projection. And everyone knows how inaccurate it is, especially when referring to Greenland. Everyone points to Africa and laughs at how big Greenland looks. And this is true.
Due to a discrepancy over border recognition between Sudan and Egypt,no one has dominance over this land.
Because it uses the scientific method. It’s a subject that seeks knowledge about the objective reality of language, and it sets out to discover that by forming hypotheses and testing them in experiments. Empirical data about language resulting from careful observation is used to change, shape and replace existing theories. It is not concerned with subjective judgement or untestable speculation.
Areas of inquiry are not divided up into sciences and non-sciences, even though Universities have organized themselves in this unfortunate way. Rather the scientific method is a way of investigating phenomena and may be applied to pretty much anything. The scientific method can even be applied to painting, for example (Tim's Vermeer), even though painting may be canonically thought of as an art, not a science.
Then great thinkers like Noam Chomsky came along and looked at language in an entirely new way: a data-driven, observational way. They started asking basic questions like: “How can people possibly understand what is said to them”, and “What is involved in ‘knowing’ what you CAN say and what you cannot?’. Along the way it was noticed that there WAS substantial agreement among the native speakers of a language about what was ‘sayable’ and what was not, agreement which could not have simply been the product of schooling, for even very young children — who obviously had not yet had even one day’s worth of schooling — exhibited the same linguistic behavior as their elders.
Yes, especially in its modern form. It's origins are primarily anthropological, and in the past it has been the victim of a great deal of "armchair science" . But, with the exception of philology and perhaps philosophy of language* (as David Rosson points out), almost all subfields of linguistics now employ the scientific method at least to some extent. Even where they don't use traditional null hypothesis testing, the major subfields of linguistics (phonetics, phonology, morphology, syntax, semantics, and pragmatics) are data driven, using data from actual speech (phonetics/phonology), puzzling out morphological and syntactic rules from sets of grammatical and ungrammatical utterances (morphosyntax), using association nets to map semantic networks (like WordNet), and using experiments to determine how context and interaction contribute to linguistic understanding (pragmatics).
Linguistics is one of the social or anthropological sciences, specifically studying language as a unique ability of humans. How "hard" a science it is depends partly on the sub-field, but all linguistics involves using the scientific method to attempt to figure out how Language works. Our data comes from corpora (databases of written or recorded speech, sg, corpus), native speaker intuitions, and experiments involving such things as language acquisition, processing, etc.
Yes, it is, even in the more narrow sense. It is sometimes said that the philological or cultural disciplines importantly dealing with language are totally different from disciplines like the natural sciences, and insofar as linguistics is concerned with language it belongs rather to the first than to the second group of disciplines.
There are certain criteria for a field of study to be considered “science”. At the turn of the previous century the study of language wasn’t considered a science yet. As theoretical work developed the name of the field became ‘Linguistics”. One such criterion is whether it’s “empirical” that is the criteria of “observability”. Linguistic events as such are observable; for example you can observe two language speakers in conversation and record their speech. Another such criterion is whether an experiment is “replicable” that is if you ran a linguistic experiment with your speakers and reached some conclusions other researchers elsewhere should be able to repeat the same experiment using your research design and obtain similar results. Linguistics meets all the criteria to be considered a science.
As a backdrop, there's always philosophy of language, e.g. Chomsky's arguments for the language organ. This field is also varied, it used to be like Freud, but it points out some directions which can be scientifically investigated, e.g. Child Language Acquisition studies went from Darwin-style home diaries to lab experiements (which follow on from Chomsky's theory).
One interesting aspect of this question is that it refers to the way how academic disciplines are carved up in English, where you have sciences and humanities (apparently non-sciences). In other languages, this is different, as in German, where the names for groups of academic disciplines are compound ending in -wissenschaft (i.e. science). So there is 'Naturwissenschaften' (sciences), 'Gesellschaftswissenschaften' (social s.), 'Ingenieurwissenschaften' (engineering), and 'Geisteswissenschaften' (humanities).
Yes. A science is a discipline that collects, analyzes, describes, and models data, and then constructs hypotheses, verifiable by replicable experiments, and theories to account for and explain it. A central part of linguistics is the construction of grammars. An adequate grammar is based on the analysis of a corpus of texts in a given language, and it is a theory of that language strong enough to allow for the production and interpretation of new texts in that language. If you regard studying a phenomenon common to all humans but to no other living creature using such methodologies and having such an agenda as a science, then linguistics is a science. The scientific study of language and grammars raises other issues that are also amenable to scientific investigation. These include the question of how the human brain has evolved to use and because of the use of language, why children born in the most diverse cultural settings devise the same strategies for learning whatever language or languages are spoken in their surroundings, and why human languages use only a subset of the grammatical structures, processes, and sounds theoretically available to them.
The linguistics’ community strives to distance itself from any non-scientific method. It is still questionable whether this has already been achieved and whether it is desirable: Are all non-scientific methods really bad and useless? In any case, history shows that even the so-called non-scientific methods have produced many valuable findings which mankind still draws on. It should be noted that not everything must be quantifiable in order to be considered valuable and not everything that can be considered valuable is quantifiable.
Always has been. Think of the role of DNA in tracing the history of populations. linguistics does the same thing. Simplest version is the origin of the Latin word Jupiter. It comes from a conflation of the Greek words Zeus (god) and Pter (father). So the Latin gods are the same as the Greek gods.
But I wanted this to remain a lifelong joy, so I DID NOT study Linguistics at university. This is how I know Linguistics is a science. Because professional study wrings the joy out of it as a hobby. Same with Astronomy, same with Music, etc.
linguistic is the study of language of each human, its a complex of knowledge and abilities, Phonetics, Phonology, Morphology, Syntax, Semantics Pragmatics, Because language is such a central feature of being a human, Linguistics has intellectual connections and overlaps with many other disciplines in the humanities. including language pedagogy, speech pathology, speech synthesis, natural language interfaces, search engines, machine translation, forensics, naming, and of course all forms of writing, editing, and publishing. and of course SCIENCE.
Yes! Linguistics, the use of language, is very scientific. You can form and test hypotheses, repeat the tests, gain statistically significant data. It is testable. Take a look at language programming. Advertising, education and many other fields rely on linguistics to operate successfully. (Not to mention criminals).
Linguists are not only polyglots, grammarians, and word lovers. They are researchers dedicated to the systematic study of language who apply the scientific method by making observations, testing hypotheses, and developing theories. The science of language encompasses more than sounds, grammar, and meaning.
Technical linguistics is a science because it is univocal, but again depending upon the culture it can be “good” or “evil.” For example, suppose you are a member of the good guys and you talked about a bomb you have. The bad guys would not like it, so if one used critical logic, they can figure it out. Is that science or what?
Linguistics is the science of language, and linguists are scientists who apply the scientific method to questions about the nature and function of language. Linguists conduct formal studies of speech sounds, grammatical structures, and meaning across all the world's over 6,000 languages.
The study of languages originates with, first, their history; second, descriptions of differences between those currently spoken; and third, the mechanisms, regularities or ‘laws’ common to all. The first and second are analogous to history and anthropology respectively (much of the work was done by anthropologists); the last overlaps with psychology (Chomsky describes his work as such). And psychology uses scientific methods and criteria in its experimental work, as well as being of relevance to neurologists.
Which type of science we associate with linguistics depends on the area of linguistics. You can probably see immediately that acoustic phonetics would rely on an understanding of physics. Psycholinguistics is, in part, based on the social science of psychology (which itself has elements of other social sciences such as cultural anthropology and contemporary regional culture language-pronunciation dominance).
One branch compares tongues and their cultures. Other may look into the tool itself [pronunciation, syntax] another looks for natural experiments to discern some common rules on the populace environment and its tongue evolution.
It’s a social science because it ultimately deals with human behavior. The scientific method is applied to all manner of language-related phenomena and therefore it’s a type of science.
Similarly, in linguistics, every language has follow the principle encoded-decoded law through medium in which speaker encodes the information and send this information through medium. And lastly, receiver decoded this coded information to get the information. So, we can say that language is the complete process or journey in which information is transformed from sender’s encoded form through medium to receiver's decoded form.
Linguistics is 100% science regardless the inability of not understanding how it works. The linguistic world is been in the wrong path all along and they hiding behind some baseless analytics and that confuses them dipper and dipper. Everything depends on having the right concept how the all thing works. Once they unlock the secret the job becomes easy. The linguistics are like preprogrammed computer, everything is connected to eternity, all the bits and pieces cannot function without each other. I don't want to ignore everything they've done so far but the theory of indo-european is simply wrong. The classification of family groups exists and is obvious similarities among the same group languages because the interaction is greater. One thing is for sure which everybody agrees the common ancestor. And that's the one who gave the blue prints for thousands of replicated new tongues directly or indirectly. I say that because the theory of finding the same roots is wrong as well for the simple fact that even in the same language we can express the same meaning in many different ways. For example we say in English: Street, road, way etc which is somehow the same thing and that's exactly what happened in process of replicating the new languages. They simply found the way to get as close as they could. So don't look for the same roots and don't exclude some and include the others, they're all in, part of the same process.
Women, Fire, and Dangerous Things by George Lakoff - A great, and accessible, primer for Cognitive Linguistics, an alternate way of approaching research in language. I think general audiences find this book more interesting because it's a bit more fantastical in its approach and the ideas introduced.
Ferdinand de Saussure - Course in General Linguistics. This is surprisingly easy to read even for a layperson and certainly the foundation text for understanding many debates about language such as langage, langue and parole, signifier and signified, synchronic and diachronic linguistics, prospective and retrospective linguistics etc.
Marc Ettlinger's answer to this is great and pretty comprehensive, but in addition to the books he recommends (all of which are pretty excellent), I'd be remiss if no one were to mention John McWhorter's The Power of Babel: A Natural History of Language. He's an excellent (and funny!) writer, and somehow manages to be more engaging and accessible than Pinker, who's pretty damn good at it himself.
Steven Pinker’s The Language Instinct is targeted to a popular audience. It is very readable, and excellently introduces some of the puzzles and approaches to linguistics. It does not cover all the subfields of linguistics, but does survey a couple of interesting problems in phonology, morphology, syntax, and language acquisition. The only real downside of the book is that it is extremely, irrationally harsh towards neural networks. This is a great introductory book.
It's a very easy book to read, and covers the entire field of linguistics in enough depth to be engaging, but not too deep to discourage the casual reader. It's a pretty good introduction to the entire field, and if you enjoy it, it's a pretty good indicator of how much you'll like learning more about language. And by giving you a taste of everything there is to study in the field, you may be able to find a niche interest.
The author, Goerge Yule, has a good sense of humor too that you actually “enjoy” reading the information in the book. His language is clear and simplified. An intermediate level, non-native English speaker can understand this book with limited dictionary use, so this book is really a good choice for international students.
The author developed his theories after learning a previously almost unknown Amazonian language (Piraha), which he argues contradicts the 'language instinct' (Pinker) and 'universal grammar' (Chomsky) theories that seem to dominate contemporary linguistics.
If you're unsure about the hefty charge for these lectures, check if your local library carries them. That's where I found it and I've since checked it out a few times for repeated listens -- John's an excellent speaker and has a very enjoyable approach, in my opinion.
Yes, the same Anthony Burgess who wrote A Clockwork Orange. He spends some time in the book (or maybe the forward) talking about why coming up with a slang language for the characters in the book was so important, and why he made the choices he did.
I have no idea, because the gods of all the heavens and hells decided that I would be born in Aberfeldy Cottage Hospital, and grow up very nearby. We don't have accents, but notice that the rest of the world do. The difficulties start around Ballinluig to the East and Crianlarich to the West. Northwards is no great problem and we have hills to the South to shelter us from the mumbling hordes..
It’s impossible to answer this question. Despite the fact that the object of inquiry of linguistics is quite restricted (the human language faculty and its products), it’s still broad enough so that the answer to the question depends on each person’s interests (syntax, phonology, historical linguistics, description of various languages etc.). If you are interested in the study generative grammar, which I think is the most advanced program of linguistics research, then I would recommend the first chapter ”Methodological preliminaries” of Noam Chomsky’s Aspects of the Theory of Syntax (MIT Press, 1965) as an introduction. Another introductory text from later years could be On Nature and Language (Cambridge University Press, 2002), a collection of Chomsky’s texts, edited by Adriana Belletti and Luigi Rizzi, two brilliant Italian linguists. The book starts with a lucid introduction by the editors, and contains also their long interview with Chomsky.
Margalit Fox - The Rddle of the Labyrinth: The Quest to Crack an Ancient Code
Jonathan Lopez writes about the book for the WSJ here: http://on.wsj.com/204Cgd5
This is a wonderful book for anyone thinking about a career in linguistics- it paints an accurate rendering of the field in vivid detail while exposing a little known hero and her momentous contributions toward solving one of the discipline's greatest puzzles.
Further than that though, Ms. Fox the author is a treasure in her own right. A future linguist cannot help but be enriched by a study of her career as an obituary writer. Her book Talking Hands is also a must-read for any serious linguist.
Pinker’s writing is riveting and funny. There’s a lot to be said when the grammar and syntax of swearing, the origin of languages and how the human brain is innately attuned to languages is refined to something that is comprehensible. These books helped me in a huge way to inch towards conscious communication
Very vague question with a guaranteed-to-be-subjective answer - but as a layperson I’m a fan of Stephen Pinker’s stuff (Words and Rules/Language Instinct). But if you’re a genuine fan of linguistics, read as much as possible, there’s a lot of diversity of views among the even the best known experts.
Pet peeve of mine: Linguists know that natural language change is not bad for a language. Adopting loan words from other languages, losing inflection, cases, genders, articles and formerly distinct sounds...
Linguists know that the dream of perfect machine translation is further off than most people can imagine - and I'm not talking about translating poetry but everyday utterances that any human could translate in a heartbeat.
In English, we see that the word order is SVAO/P, the verb agrees with the subject (though, we can't see it if we just know this one phrase) and the predicative noun is preceded by an indefinite article.
That all dialects, even those considered "bad grammar" by many people, are as fully formed and rule-bound as any other language. Someone who uses Appalachian dialect or African American Vernacular English (to use two U.S. examples), is not simply ignorant of grammatical rules taught in school, or speaking "sloppily." They are following a different set of rules, which are consistent within their own dialect.
In other words, people who say "I done it", if English is their native language, are not "wrong" in the sense of being ungrammatical. They don't subscribe to what we would understand as "standardised English", and you would be within your rights to correct a foreign student if he said it, but presumably you know your own language. You don't need some linguistics major telling you where you're going wrong.
I'll just add a point that no one else has mentioned: language is fractal. It seems to be impossible to produce enough rules to fully describe any natural language. You always find that there are valid expressions that your rules forbid and invalid expressions that your rules permit. (That's what we mean when we say "all grammars leak.") Of course you can create new rules to cover those exceptions, but teams have spent decades at this without closing all the holes--despite creating tens of thousands of rules.
This is one reason linguists have trouble taking grammar "prescriptivists" seriously; we know that no description of grammar small enough to fit in a single volume can be anything more than a set of guidelines.
I get into fights with prescriptivists all the time. (I split infinitives, end with prepositions, and use gender neutral singular "they".) This makes for some friction when I've got my editor hat on (I will follow house guidelines, albeit grumpily), but I prefer the descriptivist concept of high and low registers rather than "good" and "bad" language.
Most of the things linguists know, or are trying to figure out, are actually what native speakers of a language know intuitively and subconsciously, but not explicitly. For instance, presuming you are a native speaker of English who isn't linguistically sophisticated, when I tell you that the sounds /p t k/ in English are aspirated (that is, they are released with a puff of air) at the beginning of a syllable, but not in other positions, that is a rule that you, as a native speaker of English, have already internalized and apply whenever you speak, but up till now did not consciously know about. You may even need external experiments before you are convinced it even occurs.
Language vs dialect is as much politics as it is science. The Arabic spoken in Morocco is more different from the Arabic spoken in the Gulf than French is from Italian for example.
Pidgins & creoles are all very similar to one another. If an English speaking person marries a Chinese speaking person, and across the world a French person marries a Mongolian person, both their kids will speak basically the same "made-up" language (except for different vocabulary.) It's not "half English half Chinese," which is what most people assume--it's an independent language, and all those independent languages are very similar to one another.
The mathematics behind linguistics (e.g. Automata Theory and Chomsky's hierarchy of languages), indicate that an astonishing amount of intelligence is required to become a monoglot. The more we study computational linguistics and automata theory, the more we understand this.
Apart from modality, sign languages follow pretty much all the patterns of a natural language, from neurology, pathology, to developmental patterns, to acquisition, to how they evolve, diverge, form pidgins and creolize, to morphology, to creative use, and of course, generative grammar.
Linguists know that as children we don’t learn our native language, our native language grows inside of us. Children do not pay any sort of attention learning their language, it comes so naturally and effortlessly with no direct instruction from anybody. Our language ability is an organ that is biologically pre-determined like the rest of our organs. The language faculty develops naturally in the same way we grow an arm for instance.
Passive verb constructions are used pretty much exclusively when the patient of the verb has been mentioned (or is very familiar) and the agent does not, so by moving the familiar entity to the subject position we begin the sentence with it. It would be more natural to declare "Bob was attacked by a young constituent", than "A young constituent was attacked by Bob", given we know Bob. Likewise, you would not front an object that is unfamiliar to the addressee -- "Bob, I'd vote for" or "It was Bob I voted for" shouldn't show up if the person you're talking to is not familiar with Bob and Bob has never come up before in the discourse.
In essence, there is a different between what the official grammar of the language prescribes as being acceptable or not (ie. *I haven't bought nothing vs. I haven't bought anything) and what Linguistics considers acceptable from observing the language as it is really used (ie. I haven't bought nothing vs. *I haven't nothing bought).
Non-linguists think that language reflects thought, so that if a person’s language is “disordered,” “sloppy” or just plain “bad,” then so must be the thought — even the CAPACITY for sound thinking — which produced it. Well, linguists know two things about THAT idea: EVERYONE has a “dialect” (John McWhorter), and “A ‘language’ is just a dialect with an army and a navy (Max Weinreich).
There are many variations of the color green in nature, but we only have common names (in English) for a few of these variations: emerald green, kelly green, yellow-green, dark green, forest green. So we do not think of 'green' in all of its richness and variation because we lack the vocabulary to do so.
Linguistics is the scientific study of language. It involves the analysis of every aspect of language, as well as the methods for studying and modelling them. The traditional areas of linguistic analysis include phonetics, phonology, morphology, syntax, semantics, and pragmatics.
We research how language works. Sounds, grammar, vocabulary and how it functions in society. It’s a science like any other, but also remarkably interdisciplinary with direct connections to psychology, philosophy, sociology, anthropology, physics, biology, neuroscience, cognitive science in general, history, computer science, language studies, literature, mathematics, political science, and a number of other fields.
Many companies, especially in the modern world, employ linguists to improve on their technical writing (such as guide books and manuals) but especially marketing content.
U.S. Army, Defense Language Institute, 1987-1988. I was training to be a Signal Intelligence Voice Interceptor (98G - now called Cryptologic Linguist). Had I stayed in the Army (I was medically discharged), I would have been a field or listening outpost listener, which meant being able to assess what Russian-speaking 'enemy' troops were doing at any given point. Description here: Army Enlisted Job Descriptions and Qualification Factors.
Ever since the first class of LING 001, the professor had stressed that there were two types of linguists. The first group consists of polyglots, speakers of multiple languages, popularly equated with "linguists" and "multilinguists" — the latter of which is a kind of polyglot that speaks multiple native, or L1, languages, rather than one native language and at least one L2 language learned after puberty (the approximated endpoint of a human's ability to learn a new language with native proficiency and to think in that language).
If you are drawn to “getting under the hood” of language and seeing how “the engine” works you will find no better discipline than linguistics in my opinion, and since language pervades the human experience, it is useful in myriad ways.
Linguists are often erroneously* asked, "how many languages do you speak?" when people find out they're linguists, so thank you for the chance to answer this question. But also: Daunting! Explain your raison d'etre in one Quora response or less.
What distinguishes human language from other animal communication systems? Non-human primates have shown a remarkable ability to learn sign language including being able to combine a few signs into phrases. Birdsong and birds' ability to learn certain calls show a lot of interesting syntactic properties and parrots seem to show an ability to articulate multiple English words. Is there a qualitative difference between human's language faculty and that of other species?
As Dario Mars Patible mentioned, there are languages like Basque whose origins are still uncertain. Similarly, Japanese and Korean are still unplotted on most linguistic family trees. I've seen a number of theories about where they should go in the tree but my favorite by far was one by Prem Chandrasekaran who sent me an article about how Japanese could be related to Tamil.
The greatest unsolved problem of linguistics is documenting the linguistic diversity of the human race. There are between 6000 and 7000 languages in the world (depending on who's counting) and we have adequate descriptions for only a fraction of them. Languages are disappearing at an alarming rate; about one language every two weeks goes dormant as its speakers die or switch to another language. Without documentation of a representative sample of human languages, any conclusions we draw concerning linguistic universals are provisional at best. Existing documentation is skewed towards the languages of the industrialized world and can hardly be called representative; there are thousands of languages we know nothing about--languages like Pirahã which can surprise us and make us question fundamental assumptions about linguistic structure.
For the last 3-4 years I have been working very patiently, very diligently and without any outside interference on an arithmetical (and hopefully logical sound) basis for the semantics of natural languages and the process of natural reasoning. Don't get me wrong: I don't claim to have all the answers, but as far as the argument is concerned, I had to ask and argue some of the questions mentioned above within the limits of that arithmetic concept, i.e.: a mathematical basis of language; the evolution of natural language; Sinn und Bedeutung (sense and meaning?), how semantics and perception are related?...
There are lots of holes in the history of language. There are some languages, like Lithuanian and Icelandic, that have resisted change for thousands of years, and other languages that have changed quite rapidly. There are other languages — http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_isolate — that have no relation to any known language. For example, the Basque language (Euskara) may be a remnant or evolved form of a Neolithic language.
Pinker's Plexus: where is the specialized neurological structure responsible (if it exists) for instantiating universal properties of natural language? In other words: how localized is language acquistion in the brain? Also, how did the human 'instinct' for language (as Steven Pinker puts it) develop and evolve in our species and how is it regulated by biochemical means?
Linguistics is not mathematics, so there is no list about the big unsolved problems. On the one hand the whole business of understanding the language faculty is unsolved. On the other hand there are many open questions about language acquisition, speech production, language processing and etc
Zoltan is right that linguistics offers no analogue of the Riemann Hypothesis, Goldbach's conjecture or P=NP. But I think it is clear that something very remarkable happens as a human infant turns into a physically, mentally and socially competent four-year old. Language offers a window into that process, and linguistics gives us the tools for interpreting the glimpses that we see through the window. If you have the kind of ambition that makes you want to work hard on the key difficult problems, consider working on that.
In regards to Katrina's mention of whether or not language shapes thought, I too agree that it does. If we look closely at how people communicate as well as how opinions are formed we only have to look at who and what people are listening to when shaping those thoughts.
A lot of good, thought-provoking answers here. I’d like to add linear order. Traditionally both structuralists and Chomskyans simply assumed it. Recently there was a conference in Germany centered on this question. Personally, I have no doubt linearity is imposed by each language’s system in the process of encoding a message into sound and is stripped away in the process of decoding a message from sound. Evidence can be found in speech errors. See publications by Peter A. Reich, Gary S. Dell, and your obedient servant.
The majority of activities performed by humans are done through language, whether communicated directly or reported using natural language. As technology is increasingly making the methods and platforms on which we communicate ever more accessible, there is an even greater need to understand the languages we use to communicate.
The only jobs available to linguists are really in academia. Some linguists who specialize in language revitalization or documentation wind up teaching in podunk indigenous communities if they can’t get a job at a university. I know one applied linguist who will likely be teaching in Grand Basin College in scenic Elko, Nevada (smack dab in the middle of the Shoshone, 4 hours from Reno, 3 hours from Salt Lake City, 6 hours from Las Vegas… really it is difficult to get much more in the middle of nowhere):
My original goal was to complete my bachelor's in English (concentration in language studies; basically, linguistics) and then to go on to get my master's degree in TEOFL (teaching English as a second language). I loved to travel and I wanted to work in exotic locations.
Offhand, you can get all sorts of jobs with a linguistics major; the trick is knowing which ones you want to aim for. Many linguistics majors, especially those with computational bents, go into industry trying to build the next generation of automatic translators and search engines. That's a task that we'll never master, but which we'll always be tantalizingly close to mastering, so there'll always be work there.
Aside from the obvious career opportunities of translating and teaching English to speakers of other languages, linguistics can also make you a strong competitor in fields such as speech therapy, early childhood development, computer science, and anthropology, particularly studying ancient or lesser-known cultures. Unfortunately, most Americans don’t really know what linguistics is, but if you’re patient and explain what it was exactly that you studied, people will probably have a lot of respect for your field of study.
Jobs that I took or considered after getting a B.A. in linguistics: proofreader, editor, copywriter, ESL teacher, technical writer, interpreter, translator, mediator, courtroom advocate, corporate security advisor, legal advisor for jury selection, and something I really still can't explain called “"language analyst.” I didn't take that job, but I think the company basicly wanted me to sit in during interviews to guess if the interviewee knew what she was talking about or not. There is a wide net of professions you can talk your way into with a linguistics degree. It's quite versatile.
Ph.D.? Bigger mistake. Me, I doubled down and got a post-doc, also in linguistics. Very questionable from a job prospects perspective. The only practical thing you can do with a degree in linguistics is teach others linguistics. The world needs probably 100 of those and the jobs are oversubscribed. Ultimately realizing this I also realized that anything you can do without a PhD you can do with a PhD and so I signed up as a plumber at the union hall, spent a dozen years being actually practical about job prospects, started a plumbing company and retired at 55. Now I attend linguistics talks at my nearby university for fun.
Not many schools offer an undergraduate linguistics degree. If they do, then it probably leads to an advanced degree in linguistics (or perhaps in a related field). My initial interest was in becoming an English teacher abroad, which led me to get a master’s degree (M.A.) in Teaching English as a Second Language, a program that is part theoretical and part language pedagogy. I found I really enjoyed the theoretical linguistics classes and wanted to teach linguistics (rather than ESL), so after completing my MA, I continued on for a PhD.
You probably can’t do this in the states so easily, but I have had a career in the UK in Financial systems and Governance - Linguistics has a lot of transferable skills in logical thought, abstraction and problem solving. Learning how to read and comprehend effectively, to write and present evidence, developing and ability to test hypotheses, even gaining some understanding of statistical techniques in analysis, were all part of my degree, and I use them in my “day job.” Mind you, I was taught ancient Greek Dialect by someone - John Chadwick- who I (much later) found out had been a war time code-breaker at Bletchley Park.
After getting my Ph.D., I was a Visiting Assistant Prof. at UC San Diego, then Asst. Prof. at the University of Wisconsin for 2 years, and then I moved to the Univ. of Massachusetts, where I worked for 28 years before retiring in 2016. I taught syntax, intro linguistics, Indigenous Languages of North America and writing for Linguists. I did research on syntax, mostly having to do with functional categories and the nature of phrase structure. I worked with Navajo scholars on linguistics projects and also on projects related to language teaching and language revitalization.
As the name implies: theoretical linguistics is about setting up nice and elegant theories about language… that are not based on representative samples of said language, but rather on an idealized view of language. A perfect example of theoretical linguistics, maybe the only one there is, is Generative Grammar. I mean, those guys in the Minimal Program can say things like “oh yeah, there are cases and agreement phenomena in every natural language, even in languages where there is no inflectional paradigm whatsoever, eg. Sign Language”. When asked for evidence, they might resort to “oh, it’s a theory-internal justification”… (rolling my eyes as I write this). I’m not willing to get all generative linguists on the warpath, here, I’m only underlining the fact that in theoretical linguistics, the emphasis is on the theory, not the data. As Chomsky himself said in an interview, GG is really about “grammar philosophy” (I would have said “grammar metaphysics”): how should grammar be if it were a consistent logical theory?
Many words can have both a general and a specific meaning. In general, “linguistics” can refer to any aspect of the study of language as a language (that is, not as literature). On the other hand, in its specific meaning, the word “linguistics” refers to the study of the parts of language: the sound system (the study of which is called “phonology”); words (the study of which is called “morphology”); phrases and sentences (the study of which is called “grammar” or “syntax” ); and texts (the study of which is called “discourse,” the study of how sentences are put together into units such as a paragraph or conversation).
Theoretical linguistics is a branch which deals developing the models which leads towards the development of linguistic theories. Phonology, Morphology, Semantics and syntax are considered as core of the theoretical linguistics. Whereas, the practical implementation of linguistic theories like language teaching, translation, speech therapy etc. are applied linguistics. In very simple words one can say that the study and development of linguistics theories is called Theoretical linguistics and application of those theories into real world, in learning process and diagnosing a problem related to language is called Applied linguistics.
Theoretical linguistics looks more at what language is, and many researchers spend time examining the structures of languages at various levels such as phonology, morphology, syntax, semantics, and pragmatics of a language. Other sub-fields of linguistics are concerned with broader questions of how language is acquired by infants/children, and how language is produced by the brain. Some researchers look at how language intersects with social categories like race, and class (sociolinguistics). Others might look at how language is constructed and situated in the brain (neurolinguistics).
Language is very important part of Life. It has been applied from our mental faculty to Society and with the innovation of technology, it has also been applied to machines. So wherever the Language is applied either in our mental faculty or in the society or in the computer, we study Applied Linguistics to know that how does it apply to these areas.
I know a couple who had been married for over 25 years and the wife told her husband she wanted a divorce and that she was no longer in love with him and it came as a mighty shock to the husband.
Find a hobby to spend time pursuing. It should be something challenging that needs constant training to improve at, and of course something you'll do with pleasure. I'd advise it to be some kind of a sport because it'll benefit your health too in the long run. In your situation, the more time you spend away from your husband the better. Perhaps coming back to him after your beloved hobby will be more enjoyable than you think.
That said, some people decide to stay married for life and accept the ebbs n flows of feelings that go along with it. Often they say they are content in old age because they stayed. Others believe that relationships come and go, lasting for as long as they are meant to be. Letting go and moving on might be the right thing to do.
Remember the reason why you married him in the first place: A family. If sex and physical attraction, lust was the primary basis of your relationship, then it's predictable to feel what you're feeling right now. But remember that all you need in this life, is a friend. Your husband is your long life companion, not your source of entertainment.
Divorce is not an option i would recommend to you. Marriage is a sacred union between Man and Woman before God, not meant to be broken by means of Divorce. In Marriage, as One, you and your husband are to go through the trials of life together and overcome them, and this includes moments of lack of “feeling” love for your spouse. But Love is not merely a feeling but action as well that is to be performed. Action of self sacrifice, of putting your husband before yourself because you are called to Love him by God. If i was you, i would recommend you to bring this before the Lord and seek Wisdom and a renewed Realization of Love for the One you gave your oath of “till death do us part”. Divorce is a tragic thing to see.
As the old saying goes, Women Marry The Men that they think they can change, men marry the woman as they are. The man generally stays the same and that women are the ones changed. I know, it's a little bit ironic, but very true. You have to ask yourself what has changed in a relationship in 10 years.
Strategies to discover more about yourself and your needs, which will lead to a better understanding of your relationship
Perhaps plan some separate time. Do you have interests that he does not? Go do those things you enjoy by yourself. Encourage him to do the same.
People tend to take for granted that which is always at hand. Spend some time apart and see if you appreciate your spouse more. Maybe try some different hobbies to liven things up. Consider counseling if that all fails. The fact that you “care deeply" but don't “love" tells me this is boredom not hatred. People who expect others to bring them happiness are universally let down eventually and so work on making yourself happy within the context of your relationship and see if that improves things.
You both have a right to be happy but as long as you keep your secret, neither of you will be. You owe it to both of you to be honest. I understand you don't want to hurt him but there is no way to avoid that. The longer you wait the harder it will be for you and the more hurt he'll be. I wish you luck
Look after 10 years the spice of a happy couple is blown up. Just give it another chance. You and your husband should go on a long vacation. Talk to your husband about your feeling so you can remove the missunderstanding or any kind of the thing which makes you uncomfortable. If you have completed 10 years without this thought it means you are just having some issues to talk with your husband.
I would first make absolutely sure there’s no way of rekindling your love for each other. Its too easy to give up. You may regret it. I know from experience that its hard when you're in a relationship you feel has just about come to an end, to do something about it, but once you leave there is rarely any going back!!
Men have one problem in common. They get bored with objects of attraction a bit too soon. They chase what is not in hand; but once they get it they lapse into ennui. Kind of disinterestedness creeps in. Some contributory factors are obsessive office routine and career anxieties. Wives too become a tad careless about their body, their beautification and begin taking husbands for granted. An unintended insipidity jostles love out of the relationship.
It’s time to see a marriage counselor. You need someone to speak to talk out why you feel that way and what both of you could do to cope with it. If you have children then that’s another thing, you have to consider your childrens’ feelings in these cases as well.
How about a trial separation? Still communicate and spend time together, by all means. Give yourselves some time out from one another on that daily basis. See where it takes you. Two couples on my street did just that, and both couples are together again. Am guessing it gave them the answers they were looking for. My personal separation did too, but did not end that way.
You need to consider the worst case scenario for you in every option open to you. For example, if you tell him how you feel will you end up alone /homeless /no family contact etc, it's a tragic thing to admit to yourself but you have to think about it all and don't jump to any rash decisions
What are you doing to try to make it better? Once you show more effort, you can see a difference. Picture your life without him, would it be better? If so, get a divorce and set him free to find someone who appreciates him more.
sit your husband down and tell him honey we have an issue and tell him your problem and talk about it because a closed mouth don’t get feed and if talking don’t help counselling. if all else fail and if there’s no kids involved separate but you better ,make sure it’s what you want. knew someone that did this and called her husband Mr. p as in provider and they separated and now he’s making money and shes not happy.
My wife got a boyfriend and I adapted so I could stay with her as that was the only way. I’d revealed myself as a crossdresser and let her more or less have control over my sexuality, my underwear choice, my hygiene, and being at her and her lovers service. It hurt some (more so before she admitted it) but in all honesty I would cry, and be depressed about her having affairs, then I would find myself becoming aroused by the thought of it when wearing female panties and clothing. When she admitted her affairs to me she wanted me to be her girlfriend (wearing panties, lingerie) because it was easier for her to tell a girlfriend. When she same how excited I became in her panties my life changed. She said I was able to stay with her if I would be her girlfriend at home and away from my job (although I wear panties 24/7). I am so glad I stayed because we don’t have what anyone would consider traditional sexual relations (she doesn’t touch me) but I’ve never been more sexually satisfied being kept this way. I have accepted my feminine side and realized I am more comfortable pleasuring male partners (something I’d struggled with my whole life) we are completely in love, love being together, and will remain that way forever. She doesn’t sleep around with men now but has taken a few girl encounters as she feels she too is more attracted to her own sex. Guess that’s why she accepted me in my feminine persona as easily as she did. Take a chance, we never know where it will lead us. Not all things turn out bad, your honesty, attitude, acceptance, love, and open mindedness often lead to better solutions if both parties are on the same level of understanding.
Get a hobby. Learn a new skill. What DO you do in life ? What is love even ? You are no longer infatuated with him ? He does not care about you anymore ? I fail to see a scenario in which your question makes sense.
Hi this is a very difficult phase of your relationship and if not handled properly is going to hurt you and your family both. I regularly highlight in my answers in this meduim about chasing feelings and choice. Feelings has the tendency to change and over 10 years you and your feelings has gone through quite a rollercoaster. You are chasing the feelings that you have experienced when you fell in love with your husband, when you where still infatuated with him, that warm feeling of you cannot wait to see him. Unfortunately that stage of your feelings is gone, you got used to your husband, his ways, his eccentricities, which you used to love about him but now sometimes it irratates you. That is about chasing feelings.
Figure out what made you a couple in the first place and revisit those feelings…. Divorce is an UGLY road avoid if you can….If you fell out of love you can fall back in love or is there more to the story. There almost always is….Usually it’s another partner.
I’m not big on labels, especially when there’s a very long, and steadily growing list of them that folks are inclined to deploy to limit themselves and label themselves. This might be a good example. If you want to talk about your sexual interests and energies and attractions, why not just talk about them, when you want to, when you feel comfortable doing so?
You will probably go through several identities while you are growing up and figuring yourself out. When I was growing up, we didn’t have labels like “pansexual” and “non-binary.” You were either attracted to women or attracted to men. These options, including essentially the option to opt-out of gender, are new. They’re so new in fact, that I’m not even sure you should get attached to them. In a few years, they may come up with something else completely different. Don’t put so much stock in labels.
Sure you can tell them. Being pansexual is about what you are attracted to. Being non-binary is about what you self identify as. The two are not conflicting in any way.
You can, but do they need to know? Or is it you needing to tell others to support your self-esteem and confidence? This and your other question about names is giving the impression you’re not too sure of yourself.
Yes absolutely!!!!! Go 4 it bc theyll know that 4 the future. Its better 2 let them know also bc if u dnt theyll end up calling u a gender or pronoun that u wnt like at all. If they r super supportive of u then go 4 it. If not then id say to just wait a little longer bc u dnt wnt them 2 end uo picking on u and spread rumors.
Your situation presents a good case in demonstrating the harm labels cause. People change. They grow. They mature. They learn more as they experience more.
Sure, if you felt comfortable telling those people you’re pansexual, you can tell them you’re nonbinary. If they weren’t supportive of you being pansexual, I wouldn’t recommend telling them. It’s really up to you.
I would take a step back and examine why I have such an immature, objectifying view of women and I’m so obsessed with the body of a stranger that it can affect my commitment to my partner.
Sounds like you don’t love your girlfriend very much and are more driven by superficial desires. Nothing is “irresistable,” you just want it (ego thing). The language you use acts like you have no choice but that’s just you justifying wanting what you want. If you’re not capable of being faithful, then break up with your girlfriend. That’s whether or not anything ever happens with your fantasy girl. You’re not faithful in your heart and your girlfriend deserves someone who is.
Really? How about this, you get with Miss Irresistible and she cheats on you, steals from you, scratches your face and calls the police, telling them you hit her. You get arrested and are charged with felony Domestic Violence. The judge doesn’t care about your story. Congrats, now you’re single and a felon. But hey, that irresistible body, right?
You should stay loyal if anything. But if you don’t think you can then break up with her first. It would be better than her catching you in the act. I’m not saying you should cheat but breaking up first would save her from a even worse heartbreak.
You are framing this question to take the high moral ground, “he has a girlfriend”. What if the girlfriend is an awful person? What if she is controlling, demanding, abusive and demoralising? That is not a good relationship to keep. Not all girlfriends are keepers.
Any girl's body is resistible. It's the behaviors that make someone irresistible. But if they have compatible behaviors AND (the other's version of) a perfect body, the possibilities are endless.
I would shudder and wonder if I was having a stroke because I would be very confused about why I was distracted by such an ephemeral quality. In my younger years I may have had my gaze drawn to an extraordinarily attractive body. But after realizing that a baseline of attraction on a physical level is necessary for me to be a partner with someone, a partner’s body and appearance is not the most important reason we are compatible AND partners with each other.
It’s a modern day problem for many guys I guess. Girls too do it to us because they want to get the best guy for them. Love used to be a special thing pre 2000 I think but today it’s all about sex and computers. Majority of women don’t value themselves as how they used to anyway. They dress and behave like porn stars, and guys or girls today watch porn which is everywhere, including Quora, so they imagine that is what a relationship is all about.
I would glance are the new girl, smile, and return all attention to my GF. I would purposely NOT have any long stares or repeat glances. This is what the GF would be sensitive to.
Enjoy her company and be proud of showing her off provided she was nice, practical, disease and infection free, a good conversationalist and not frigid. I would rather meet a stable, level headed, nice smelling and kind woman than a beautiful Barbie doll airhead with no common sense or high moral law abiding values.
I always say, “you” when I refer to people. Either that, or I use first or last name. Like, “Hi Bob! How are you?” You may notice that there is no third person pronoun ANYWHERE. One does not say, “Hi Bob! How are he?” Or “Hey him! How are he?” Have you ever noticed that when you are speaking to someone, it is literally impossible to use a third person pronoun?
It means you are female. Thus, you accept female pronouns, you are okay with neutral pronouns, and you dont’ want to be referred to as a guy. \
Well, as you have said, you are a female. If you are a female, you are referred to as she and her. If you identified as another gender, you would most likely want to be called something else.
It means you are young and silly and eager to keep up with the trend of making yourself seem more interesting by claiming a gender that you don’t actually feel strongly about.
One way we could all help with that is to not mind in the slightest if someone uses the “wrong" one with us. Make it socially acceptable to use the “wrong" one — defuse it, rob it of significance. If you ignore being called he you are helping the bloke next to you ignore being called she, or the trans lady next in line ignore being called him . We can all help break down ignorance.
It means that once you get off of Twitter, and inject yourself into the real world, at some point someone is going to pull you aside and tell you that the real world isn’t like Twitter and nobody gives a shit about using pronouns. You might even find that disrespectful, but again, in the real world respect is earned; not given.
I find myself inclined to agree with Murphy Barrett on this one–– this is a simple issue, and the fact you felt the need to post a question on Quora mean’s you’re overthinking it. Perhaps knowing that the label applied to people like you is ‘cissexual’ will make you feel better, in which case I’m glad; but I can’t help feeling that you’d be better off not worrying about the labels.
Actually, no, you don’t use them — unless you talk about yourself in the third and not the first person. What you and all those other doofuses, (or is it doofi and doofae) out there playing this game mean is that you want — want, not compel, others to use those pronouns when talking about you.
Don’t sweat it. Using the masculine as default for neuter-gender or gender-ambiguous (as in pronoun agreement) is common in many Indo-European and Semitic languages. In Chinese, prior to 1919, pronouns were not gendered; but the culture that used the language cannot be said to have been sexually egalitarian. In use of nouns, I’ve run into Spanish-speakers of both sexes who despise the use of “Latinx” over “Latino”; and see the attempt to impose “Latinx” as an imposition.
You use she/her pronouns and you are female. That makes sense, as those are the standard pronouns that people who identify as female use.
It means that you could use she/they pronouns, or just use she/her and are okay with they/them. You don’t have to like he/him - pronouns are different for everyone.
Unless it’s an accident, no one should be calling you he. Someone could visually mistake you briefly for a male, or a non-native english speaker could be confused what “he” means. In Mandarin, there is no “he” and no “she” just a “you” and a “them” so if a person native to China refers to you as “he,” it’s likely just a slip into habits built when speaking Mandarin.
Pronouns he/him are used for male individuals. and you know you aren’t a man, so when somebody calls you “he”, it doesn’t sound right. I am also a woman, and if somebody called me “he”, I wouldn’t be offended, traumatized, and upset about it, but I would assume they made a mistake because I’m absolutely sure I’m not a man, nor do I look or sound like one.
I am an Caucasian-American and use light/blonde descriptors. I’m okay with brown/brunette but not dark/black. This literally the same sentiment, if you’re thinking about these things this deeply its evidence you don’t intuitively understand English, you’re over thinking it.
It means exactly that, you’re female, and use she/her and they/them pronouns, nothing more than that, in linguistics, pronouns aren’t necessarily related to gender, only being that they serve to replace a noun phrase.
If you don’t know what pronoun you should use for a person, “they/them” is a good fallback, though often you can just avoid using a pronoun at all. We’re really just talking about 3rd person pronouns, and you can use their name!
I’m a straight CIS woman in her late 50s. See what I just did? I used my preferred pronoun. Now everyone knows and I don’t need to virtue signal at my next Zoom meeting by posting my pronouns for coworkers who’ve known me for 20 years. No, pronouns are not used only behind our backs, but that is the most common way they’re used. At the next zoom meeting when that bulldozer I work with interrupts me, my boss could respond, “It was her turn. Please wait.” - but not that he will. I don’t care if my boss refers to me as They, Them, Ze, Zer, It, or One.
They and them are plural pronouns and you are female if you are at all in real life. Do not bother with sjw nonsense and if it is that bad search for a non politically correct person to talk to
Why let theGender Police rule your life…It means you are you…nothing else and don’t let anyone, be it LGBTQRSTUVWXYZ++++ or anyone else dictate arbitrary rules.
It means you’re exploring your (possibly) gender and how you perceive yourself. When I was younger I noticed that I didn’t care if people mistook me for a boy or used he/him pronouns. If you want to try they/them pronouns then ask your friends to call you by those pronouns and see how they fit. Also using they/them pronouns could possibly mean you’re nonbinary. I suggest doing your own research though, as you know yourself best! Good luck friend!
On March 17, Mr. Putin announced that Russian people should not hoard food at home. On the same day, demand for buckwheat, staple food, jumped 2049%. In Moscow, roads to the hypermarkets became gridlocked for hours, as Moscovites rushed to buy everything from toilet paper to buckwheat.
Be prepared by absorbing as much information as you can. Learn from us. What's the real problem here, mortality rate? Nope, it's the possibility of healthcare collapse due to too many cases at the same time. If you can avoid that, then you're really fine, because the rate of survival of people with no pre-existing conditions who end up in intensive care should be decent. Recovery is slow, though, and that's why available reception capacity is so vital.
Here is Barcelona now Sunday March 15 at 10:30 am from my apartment located in the center of the city. No more people in the streets. I've never seen that in Barcelona! I think it's the proof that the Barcelonians and Spaniards think that the coronavirus is really dangerous.
The coronavirus is extremely dangerous, and I suspect that the danger is currently being underplayed by the world medical community to minimize panic as we prepare for the worst.
Many think of it as a seasonal flu and aren’t serious about it. They never get tested. By the time complications arise, you’ve not only risked your life but your family’s as well.
While he asked me how I was doing, here is something he shared, ‘The coming month is going to be bad, worse than current month especially for people of New York, Italy and Boston. Stay inside. completely isolated!’
The vast majority of both corona and polio cases are subliminal - completely symptomless. The majority of the symptomatic cases are indistinguishable from influenza. Some cases get really serious and make you really sick. 1% of cases impair you either temporarily or permanently. And 1/1000 are fatal.
Watch Australia right now. Hopefully you will see what reasonable, responsible government and community action looks like. We know how bad this is, because our health system has had the luxury of watching others fail spectacularly.
But we haven’t even started to talk about actual healthcare costs. These aren’t just for a couple of weeks, either! With even healthy young patients developing pulmonary emboli, chronic lung disease, and neurological syndromes including strokes there is a whole nightmare of unknown disability and rehabilitation costs looming, but let’s just focus on the acute illness for now.
Panickers like me see no hope. We disinfect every surface and lock ourselves in rooms, constantly refreshing the news to see what's happening. The very thought that this wont peak in the US for 45 more days is enough to drive us absolutely crazy with our own spiraling thoughts and we long for the simple days when our biggest worry was how much battery or data we had left on our phone.
So then, when you have another Coronavirus outbreak at place B, and time T2, you basically just take your epi curve, and stick it to the new place/time, then you adjust it based on public health intervention measures taken.
(This is because this infection has ~ 1 - 2 weeks of incubation time, and then after the symptoms start, the first 1 - 2 weeks only have mild symptoms and so most people don’t go to the hospital. So without proactive surveillance, by the time you see the first case in a hospital setting, chances are there are 200 - 300 infected people in their early stages of infection walking around in the communities. Then it’s only a matter of time before 20% of these become acute.)
He was admitted to the covid hospital. His condition keep on going down and down. Soon he was relying on the oxygen mask. He was unconscious for 2 days straight. (He thought he just have a 6–7 hours of sleep.)
Coronavirus has already shut down schools and restaurants, brought down economies and health systems and filled our hospitals beyond capacity. This means there are more patients than space, more patients than beds, more patients than equipment, more patients than people who can treat them.
Here, in a small city like Satna, people are taking it very lightly though there’s no hospital if you’re diagnosed with Corona. People, here, die first, then the report comes as Corona positive.
It all started with a body ache and headache and it was thought that it is due to long travel and daily exercises. It was then followed by fever on 25 th august. And result came positive on 29th august.
The honest truth is that Covid-19 is going to kill a lot of people, but that we’re going to beat it within a year. Everybody is going to get it, but most people will survive. Plus, there’s a pretty good shot that we find an effective treatment (not a cure) within the next few months (its possible we already have). The only real question is whether we postpone the peak long enough to prevent our healthcare system from being temporarily overrun.
It is far too soon to tell exactly how “dangerous”, as it is wait and see. Anyone telling you they know for sure exactly what will happen and precisely what the lethality is would be very likely giving an incorrect risk assessment. There are way too many people disseminating false information on social media.
Roughly on par with seasonal influenza virus (for lack of better anchor reference point). Coronaviruses don’t sit well with heat plus humidity, so summer may turn infections toward zero. Slow attenuation may drive it towards lower lethality over time. This is somewhat likely, but less likely than (2) is my current best guess, given current information. Not a good situation to be in as the flu killed 60k in the US last year - and I don’t mean to imply the coronavirus or the flu is not a serious disease either. I get my flu shots and you should get them too. The hope is currently this would not happen with public health interventions and almost all cases in China.
This is unbelievable. More than 2 crore people are likely to be affected in alone Newyork city. One more scary thing is that according to him, “It can continue for 2 months, 4 Months, 8 months or several months.” This creates worry. This is massive outbreak of COVID-19.
I feel several countries in a certain continent are pulling a Wuhan. Unbelievable… I might need to change my answer from “yes and no” to “very”
Honestly it isn’t. The stupid behavior of people about COVID-19 borders on mass hysteria and downright insanity.
Luckily for her, the scans of her lungs show that she has responded well to the medications and now that she is over the first 7 days of getting infected (which are the most dangerous days and if you get passed the first 7 days, chances are you'll be fine and will recover from it fully) I can share some useful tips for those of you on the other side of the pond to use.
If you get really sick, beyond a cold, go to see a doctor. We don’t know enough about the current novel coronavirus to tell how dangerous it is, but if you are a young healthy person you are probably less likely to croak from this than I, an old person, am.
Drink neem water. Only natural neem not an extract. Take natural neem crush the same and you can drink 2–3 spoon for every alternate weeks. It is said that neem boost your immunity system. Also it is bitter in taste and it is very useful to boost your immunity power to fight with virus.
The treatments used during SARS involved antivirals including interferon and ribavirin. Ribavirin was found to be ineffective at the time but next generation therapies are generally more effective. The typical standard of care for viral infections is alpha-interferon.
There is no cure (yet). Just the same rest and hydration, etc. that we are all accustomed to with the flu. (No, I’m not saying this IS the flu or that this is not any worse than the flu. I know it isn’t the former and it is the latter…) If you’re young (say under 60) and otherwise in good health, then you will probably get over an infection with a little discomfort and that’s it in about two weeks.
However, because controlling people is like herding cats, virologists have been scraping the bottom of the barrel for anything that might help pharmacologically. Now, in a moment of ridiculous serendipity, I am contemplating whether the world might be saved by sheep dip.
‘Coronavirus’ is not one thing. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are common in humans and many different species of animals, including camels, cattle, cats, and bats. Rarely, animal coronaviruses can infect humans and then spread between people such as with MERS-CoV, SARS-CoV, and now with this new virus (now named SARS-CoV-2).
Hello. Considering everything that is happening, our management thought about how to connect the available resources to the fight against the pandemic.
I think that the situation could be described this way. We are not quite to the victory in Tunisia yet but we are seeing the enemy get pushed back and trapped. He is going to lose. But there is still a lot of fight left in him.
So, the current treatments are often directed at relieving symptoms such as fever, breathing difficulties, and may include pain relievers, cough syrup or medication, etc. The recovery heavily depends on the strength of the immune system. Most of those who have died had existing medical conditions or were already in poor health. Related: Covid-19 Live Statistics
You physically sit your ass down and don’t leave your house except for extremely necessary trips to the grocery and the pharmacy until the local authorities lift your shelter-in-place order. That is what you physically do to physically stop the virus. What did you think people were going to suggest, punching it?
In a week when the coronavirus closures and quarantines hit like falling dominoes – the lockdown in Italy, the empty workplaces and college campuses in the U.S., suspended sports seasons, canceled festivals – far less attention fell on the global scientific community's drive to find treatments for the new virus.
Possibly, the infection may be self limited (as is the case with many coronavirus infections). So, treatment is largely supportive and symptomatic (to support the vital organs and to treat the symptoms)
The virus lives on the hands for 10 minutes, so putting an alcohol sterilizer in the pocket meets the purpose of prevention. If the virus is exposed to a temperature of 26-27 ° C. it will be killed, as it does not live in hot regions. Also drinking hot water and sun exposure will do the trick.And stay away from ice cream and eating cold is important.
No, I don't think so personally. Since some woeful, depressed and sadistic individual in the Wuhan province of China decided to consume a bat, fish or whatever that animal was; this virus found a body of a human to live on. Wikipedia has defined virus as, “a submicroscopic infectious agent that replicates only inside the living cells of an organism.” Coronavirus is the same kind of agent, which came from Wuhan, killing thousands of chinese people there before the officials announced and confirmed the masses of the seriousness of the situation they were in. Then it spread to Italy somehow infecting thousands there so many numbers that one couldn't believe their eyes and ears.
Currently there is no 100% working cure for the 2019 nCoV virus (the corona virus which started its outbreak in Wuhan, China, early this year). But don’t worry, experts are trying to create a cure for this virus as we speak. Although there are no cures, there are treatments which will be provided to all infected with the Corona-Virus, the chances of dying from this virus is below 5% as of now, that is if you receive proper treatment.
What we gotta do is work together to contain it and keep it from reaching it’s full potential. Unfortunately we’re ill prepared to meet this devil. We have the technology and manufacturing know-how, but we’d rather make bombs than ventilators; train for war than train for health. Honestly we’re really messed up in the head. We’d rather colonize mars than build a proper health infrastructure at home. While people are dying leaders are pissed off that their rockets to mars don’t work. The wrong people got the wealth and power.
There is no cure. It is the same as influenza. Vaccines will stop it killing you but wont stop you getting it and wont stop the spread of it either. Welcome to the new world where we live with yearly flu and covid shots
The new virus has infected more than 81,000 people and killed about 2,800 others since it was first detected in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in late December. The vast majority of infections and deaths have occurred on mainland China, but the rapid spread of the virus has triggered worries world over.
We're an independent group of scientists and physicians working on an open-data clinical trial for prevention of COVID-19, through the use of hydroxychloroquine in combination with other therapeutic agents, for prevention of SARS-COV2 infection in high risk health care workers.
Addendum (0600 13/3/20 Zulu, or 0000 3/13/20 Sierra): I originally answered the question, “What should you do if you get the Coronavirus?” Quora changed it up on me, so I feel under no obligation to change my answer. Plus, I have a chronic and advanced case of pleniloquence, so I doubt that I could make it any better if I rewrote it. I, the wretched creature that I am, should be the object of your pity, not your scorn. It’s been a scourge all my life, and it’s finally catching up with me. Maybe I should start a Kickstarter campaign to find the cure for pleniloquence. Together we can make a difference.
Several teams worldwide are working on a vaccine on a race against time. The WHO has declared COVID19 a “pandemic”, thus shortening the time needed to develop vaccines - which normally should be tested throughly first on animales and then on man before being administered. This means that the first COVID19 vaccines - which some teams in China and Israel claim to have developed - will be experimental.
Just like SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV there is currently no clinically proven specific antiviral agent available for SARS-CoV-2 infection. The supportive treatment, including oxygen therapy,conservation fluid management, and the use of broad spectrum antibiotics to cover secondary bacterial infection, remains to be the most important management strategy. According to the research on molecular mechanisms of coronavirus infection and the genomic organization of SARS-CoV-2 , there are several potential therapeutic targets to repurpose the existing antiviral agents or develop effective interventions against this novel coronavirus.
Corona is not so much deadly virus as compared to SARs , swine flu and spanish flu these killed a lot of people in the past . Corona is nothing in front of them. But we should not ignore corona because it is killing old aged people at a alarming rate globally.
Our immune system has not experience of it, so it needs to find a way to fight it off. Once we have all been exposed to the virus a few times we will start being able to different ourselves much better. We will start producing antibodies to fight it and prevent infection. Even if the amtibodies decline after a certain amount of time and we may be reinfected, future infections are supposed to be less violent.
Firstly if a random person has this virus in his/her hand and touches his nostrils then the virus settles there and then from the nostrils paths it reaches the throat and by the path of throat it finally reaches the lungs and destroys various lung cells (and that cells classify into two parts, first the cells which makes mucus and second hair like batons called cilia) such that lungs are not able to expand and there is shortage of oxygen in the body. But what if we are able to destroy the virus in its initial stage. Various studies has shown and also from account of many doctors it has been found that this virus gets unstable in high temperature(around 60℃) such that the basic structure of the virus gets damaged and it is no further capable of doing any harm. Now we can apply the same principle for our body to contain the virus.
Just like you, I am also too full with all the wisdom (Gyaan) about "how people should have common sense, not do this, not do that" that my WhatsApp stories/groups are brimming with. So I will try not to give you any of those. Notwithstanding this, I can't guarantee complete originality/newness of what you're going to read below (infact I copied this fancy word 'notwithstanding' from my bike insurance papers). What I can guarantee is: it will be worth your time. Let's start:
When the disease was diagnosed my mother essentially took a sabbatical from her job and started living with me in my small hostel room in AIIMS. (The Hospital doesn’t allow overnight attendants, hence she had to stay with me).
Today, I travelled from Prishtina, Kosovo, to Zürich for a business meeting. When I returned to my hotel, I learned that the Kosovo government has suspended or banned all flights coming from France, Germany and Switzerland.
He is sedated and intubated, and he's being treated with a medicine in clinical trials because the standard treatment is not working. Remember there's no drug that specifically targets SARS-CoV-2.
In late January as the factories in China started closing, we had to hurry in stocking up inventory as some of the components for our robots came from China. We prevented a supply chain disruption by buying more expensive parts.
For me personally, I’m staying home, as is most of the rest of country. I’m trying to do some work, but I have three small children at home that have been pulled out of kindergarten. Taking care of them is a full-time job and then some. I have no idea how long this will last.
The most high risk is my father. The old man is a mean, unpleasant, difficult, misanthropic, idiotic, stubborn, domineering old bastard. He’s frustratingly stubborn and iron-willed, usually for all the wrong reasons, in all the wrong ways. He’s typically impossible to please. He’s difficult to please, he’s difficult to love.
I checked her body temperature, and it was already high. I panicked and asked her to come with me to the hospital, but she denied it.
We were continuously stressed and watchful while being in the hospital premises although surprisingly, the entire hospital was empty.
I live in Venezuela. Here at home we are fairly okay, but I am very worried for the upcoming days and weeks. Venezuela has been going incredibly worse each year in every aspect for the past 20 years. We’re talking about a country with practically no water supply (If we’re lucky, water comes to my home twice a week, but there a lot of areas that spend months without a single drop of water) there are constant power outages in every single city, from the biggest one to the smallest.
1. Commute time has changed to meditation time. 45 minutes spent in traffic in morning, and 45 minutes in the evening have been replaced by Jon Kabat-Zinn’s meditation CDs. If nothing, these meditations have helped me cope better with the current situation, simply by reducing the number of thoughts in my head. [Related answer here]
Being a responsible citizen, I ensured that I was wearing a mask the very moment I left my room for the hospital, avoided getting close to anyone and was in full agreement to practice what the authorities had to preach.
1:My wedding scheduled on March 22 almost got cancelled but then we decided to go ahead without any guests.Yeah no guests at all,no food,no celebration ,no reception,nothing ..me and my fiancee will tie the knot at a temple near her place in the presence of just the immediate family members.
Unless something goes weirdly wrong I expect I’ll be OK. But today I am thinking a lot about a friend of mine. I’ll call him George (not his real name, obviously). George is about mid-40s and we have kids in the same class at school. Sadly George has terminal cancer. All things being equal he would probably die within the next 12–18 months. That’s just the shitty lottery of life, and George has never complained about it. But he was hoping to spend those last few months with his family, cherishing his three kids who are the pride of his life, and eventually saying goodbye.
Coronavirus has affected the 2020 batch in a lots of way. I graduated this year from XLRI in march and my brother graduated from IIT Kanpur last month. We’ve never been at home together for so long
The cases in France are increasing, actually in all of Europe at an alarming rate. The WHO has even announced Europe as the center of the pandemic. Between yesterday and today, there have been an increase of 780 cases in France, making a total of 3.6k cases. [1]
The situation is only getting worse. However, I am hoping it’ll reach saturation in Europe as well, very soon. And, I am not sure how long this work from home situation will hold good. Considering I live alone, it’ll get depressing after a while.
My buddy’s 8-yr old daughter was bullied at school. The bullies asked her if she had the coronavirus. Being that English was her 2nd language, she didn’t understand. The bullies then teased her for not knowing what a virus was.
If you mean the Wuhan coronavirus strain now called COVID-19, the only effect it’s had on my life is when I roll my eyes at folks on the Internet who swear it’s totally an engineered bioweapon.
My car isn’t working. It putters out immediately. So, needing a few supplies, I hiked to Kroger with two big reusable bags in tow. I didn’t look forward to navigating the swarm of people buying in bulk and stocking up from panic. There are two recorded cases in my county now, but many more undetected.
About a week after the confirmation, my friend started getting sick. A few days before she started displaying symptoms, though, we’d hung out—in her small room—in close quarters—for several hours.
And it’s shocking to know that even now people come down to the branch just to print a passbook, or check their balance. I mean please jot down your priorities.
Earlier (Friday, March 13, 2020), I decided to go to the grocery store to buy my lunch. I was too lazy to make my lunch since I have only one course today. Plus, why not buy a lunch for today? (I usually make my own lunch and bring them to school.)
[Edit]: So, for the past few months, when I volunteered at the Montreal Chinese Hospital of elders with my group of Asian peers, my advisor/organiser told us that almost every organisation has cancelled on us. And I really mean it. When you come to the hospital, it is so quiet and empty that our advisor is sad that people bailed on us early. We were supposed to have organisations coming and greeting our elders but they couldn’t. I get that they want to protect our elders from getting the disease but don’t immediately assume all the elders will get it. They are really fragile people and some of them don’t have families to visit them.
You might be surprised to hear that he’s not dying of COVID-19. He’s got esophageal cancer that has spread to several other organ including his liver and lungs. He first got his diagnosis in October, but had been experiencing symptoms for months ahead of this. It would be inaccurate to say that he didn’t seek treatment because of COVID-19. He’s simply one of the millions of Americans who lacks the ability to seek regular health care.
I am appalled at the selfishness of those people who are clearing shelves of essential items. I just don't understand why we aren't taking the attitude of being in this together and working with each other to get through this.
I live in a 4 BHK apartment with my parents and each room has this huge plastic bag containing masks. I think I have more masks than my T-Shirts and jeans combined. The situation over the last year has been such that masks have become an integral part of our life, or you can say, a part of our daily attire. And of course, the countless number of hand sanitisers and disinfectants. A lot of money has spent on buying masks, keeping a sufficient amount of hand sanitisers not just inside our house but outside too so that one can use them before opening the door or touch anything inside the house.
On a professional level, it looks like I'm in the right line of work. We're busier than a toothless beaver in a tree chomping contest. Normally, the number of hours we're allowed to work is mandated by the federal government. Those rules have temporarily been suspended. On the production end, manufacturers are having trouble keeping up. I have been sitting here at a plant that makes dog food for about an hour. The load was supposed to be ready this morning, but they ran out of product.
On Sunday, when f Italy went into lockdown, I read the news and realized that times were going to get rough and that we would be following them in about a week. Before that I had either not been too concerned or dismissed the threat as not that serious and perhaps overblown a bit by the media. But now it seemed it was getting serious. I couldn’t remember whole towns being quarantined in Western Europe at any time in my life time — and as for a whole country…it was shocking. The implications of what it would mean for us at work dawned on me throughout the day. I have money saved up in the school’s account to get us through the summer, but otherwise, I depend on regular income from clients throughout the school year to keep it running.
News has it that neither did he nor his family followed the medical advice and got him forcibly discharged from a hospital in Kalaburagi, Karnataka and took him to Hyderabad infecting many people before dying.
Of course, years ago, when I thought about online teaching, I thought about starting my own online teaching business and having students from around the world. Instead, I’m teaching online the same students that I’ve been teaching offline all year, and I don’t own this business. I can’t make any extra money by doing this… only continue to work for someone else at the same rate I’ve been making all year.
If you are struggling to acquire a reply for How serious is the 2019–20 Coronavirus? this after that you can stop worrying. I have seen this questions next many times in the hours of daylight in Quora. The solution is easy you can use this tool to acquire the results.
My wife and I have family and friends living in Wuhan. This is a very serious virus spreading quickly overwhelming most of the healthcare facilities in Wuhan and surrounding communities. There is a travel ban for Wuhan and other surrounding cities involving up to 40 million people during their busiest travel time (Lunar New Year). The government constructed two large medical quarantine centers in Wuhan to try and address the flood of patients infected by the virus. Wuhan has a population of 11 million so the potential for widespread contamination is great. The most vulnerable are elderly and those already weakened by other illness. Most of the early healthcare workers contracted the virus and several of the senior medical officials have died from the virus. They are now wearing eye protection and full hazmat gear to prevent further infections for their healthcare worker. More than 1,700 healthcare workers to date have contracted the virus even with normal precautions. This indicates how difficult it’s been to treat those infected by the virus.
A “realistic worst-case scenario” is that COVID-19 might kill on the order of one million Americans, in one or more “waves” over the next few years. So yes, it’s very serious, the single biggest threat to public health in a long time. And whether you label that viewpoint “alarmist” or not, that’s based on actual, by now extensive, data.
Main danger for people under 60 is pre-existing conditions - high blood pressure, diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, and cerebrovascular disease (maybe 6–23% fatality for people age 60+ or with pre-existing conditions).
What’s more useful, I think, is to ask yourself why you feel what you feel. Your feelings are the way the ancient parts of your brain communicate with you. You can’t expect to understand them, much less change them, if you don’t first listen to what they’re telling you.
Often feelings are inappropriate. When we have inappropriate feelings we need to deal with them very differently than how we deal with appropriate feelings. It fails to reject them or deny them but it fails even worse to treat inappropriate feelings as being the same as appropriate feelings. We need strategies to dissipate inappropriate feelings.
I had an issue with a guy like this years ago. He became an over-the-road trucker, his wife divorced him, and he had no place to live so we agreed he would pay $xxx per month for his room (including utilities, internet) and parking space in my driveway. He decided after a while that he should not have to pay anything because he was rarely there. I allowed it to go on for multiple months, but then I ended up telling him that, if he wanted to stay here when he came back next time, it would cost him $100 per night plus food, and he would have to take all his things with him when he left a couple days later. He moved his things out to one of his kids’ home.
Just make sure they can’t sue you. You should probably video record them as well just incase they do some crazy shit and damage property. Make sure to document everything so it doesn’t come back to you. Keep text messages between you and your roommates and screenshot those. You have to protect yourself because you don’t know how they’re going to act.
Always discuss this upfront immediately. You are not prying but you do need to know what he can and cannot afford to pay. Sometimes unemployment downtime is minimal and in this employers need help market his unemployment shouldn’t last too long especially if he is hustling.
Well you shouldn’t wait…you ask them to get a job because THEY HAVE TO PAY RENT.. yeah, they may be looking and nothing is coming in, but there’s always something out there. if they are one profession, and it’s not hiring, they should be looking at another until that job they want, comes through. they may feel they don’t make enough, but any money is some money and it helps. maybe they can’t pay their rent, but maybe pick up the light bill, a gas bill something. NOW, you the one with the job, and took in a roommate should be reasonable with them, if they can contribute one way, but NOT the way you want.. oh well, they are doing the best they can… when I roomed with two others, I brought them in, but I made sure, that I had money, and was saving money for days like this…where I may have to pick up slack. If you see they aren’t doing any of the above.. then yeah, time to ask them to go back home or somewhere else,but they can’t live rent free.
Keep track of what they have or have not paid, any agreements you might have, and if they don’t begin working and paying in those ten days, serve them with a Three Day to Pay or Quit Notice, copy to them, original to you. Pay close attention to how you fill it out—just the rent and delivered properly. If they don’t pay or leave, you file for an Unlawful Detainer. Check your local landlord/tenant laws.
Are you footing the whole bill or are they still paying their fair share. If they are paying and on time, why concern yourself? If not, tell them flat out, start paying their share and extra for what you payed for them. Don’t sugar coat it!
I had the same problem and I eventually moved out. I just told them I’m moving at the end of month so I don’t know what you’re going to do but I’m leaving. All the utilities were in my name and I had the gas, electric, phone and cable shut off. It was a nice little surprise for them a few days later. Some times you have to pay moochers to go away and sometimes you just have to remove yourself from the situation if you can. Luckily I was a month to month renter so it was easy just to give 30 days notice. I wish I was there when everything was shut off to see the looks on their stupid mooching faces. LOL
If they can't pay their share of the rent tell them they have two months and they will have to pay you for their share of the rent not paid when they get a new job. That should light a fire under their rears to get a new job.
I don't really understand why you haven't charged them. I mean that nothing is free and if they live in your apartment, they make some discomfort and expenses for you. I think that you should tell them to pay for their living at your place or leave it. If they are sensible enough, they will understand you, if they are not, then why do you need such people who make use of your kindness? Surely, you'd better do it in a polite way, but if they ignore it, I'd call the police and make them out.
Are they your tennant? If so you give them a written notice to pay up. It's not your business to tell them to get a job. You collect rent not run their life. If they are not working you cannot collect rent you evict them. You do have a signed lease correct? One that details their responsibilities? If not that was really stupid on your part, smack yourself for being stupid. Type up a notice as they have no lease and are generally viewed as monthly renters in the courts. Most states require 30 days notice. So type up a 30 day notice and give it to them. If they don't vacate you must take them to court to evict them.
You must make the decision as to whether you want to be sexually active with your best friend. You seem content being best friends, and besides, is sex going to mean that your friend is also wanting to be in a longterm, romantic relationship? I would suggest that you two first discuss if you're both ready to completely change the dynamics of of your friendship before hopping in bed together.
You can tell them your concerns. Tell them you need to take time to really analyse this too. Check in with yourself truely from your heart space. Do you want more with this person? If not that's totally okay! It's okay to say no, you never need to feel pressured into anything and if they do try to and don't respect your “no, I'm not ready for that,” that's a big red flag indicating what the rest of your relationship may be like if they can't even respect you there. If you're not ready you're not ready! Same goes for if you simply don't want to. Try not to work this out based on fear alone! 💪❤️
Ask yourself.… ok I love them as my best friend … do I see the potential of loving them as bxfriend\gxfriend ? Having sex always takes things automatically to the next level… when you have sex you will create a “soul tie”. If you are truly best friends that is the best foundation one could hope for in starting a romantic relationship. Talk about it together and make a decision together.
Your best friend should understand you and your fears well enough to take a no for an answer. Say you are not yet ready for a relationship, maybe that you will never be prepared for anything else except for friendship.
Unless you and your really good friend are mature and I don't mean in age .Before you start down this path you need to both agree that your love and respect for one another is what that you both want and need above all else. You didn't say whether either of you are married . If so this could end badly . Without that information you can't expect advice from anyone. As long as there is not a spouse to consider it’s probably the natural course of events and therefore unavoidable.
Ooof course, friendships in reality DO NOT exist. Same gender friends are spending time together just cause of boredom/personal needs. But opposite gender friendships usually transform into some kind of romantic love, especially if the two friends have any sort attraction towards each other.
If you are not ready for relationship then tell him no. If you tell yes then relationship will end in disaster. Tell him no and make him understand. Your best friend will definitely understand your problem, after all he is your best friend.
While I don’t want to discourage you from finding happiness, I want to warn you a lot of friendships don’t survive the breakup of a romantic/sexual relationship.
But also, realize your friendship is going to end, if not now, but soon. If your friend doesn’t end things with you over this, you should be merciful to him and end things now, as your friend is only going to suffer.
This happened to my husband and I at a premiere of one of the Star Wars movies. 10 minutes into the start time of the movie, which they hadn't started yet, they turned on the lights and told everyone to move over and fill in empty seats so people who had just arrived (about 12 people, different couples and families), could all sit together.
Had this happen at The Hobbit. We arrived extra early and had pre-purchased tickets that didn’t come with assigned seating. We were first in line and got to our favorite spot, about 10 minutes later here comes a couple who demand, they don’t ask nicely (they never do, do they?) that we move, there was plenty of seating available, and plenty of spots still where they could have sat together, but NO, they just HAD to have our seats, because that is where they ALWAYS sit. They went so far as to try and claim he had to sit there for medical reasons because of his eyesight, if he sat anywhere else he’d get a migraine. She even went and got the “usher” to say we stole their seats while they were getting popcorn, too bad the guy remembered us being first into the theater. They sat behind us and threw popcorn, candy, kicked our seats and acted like total children until someone else went to get management and had them thrown out. I said thank you to the couple that got kicked out on our way out of the theater (they stayed for the next showing) because of their harassment we got free tickets to another movie.
If you arrive late, you don’t get to huff and puff about the seating that’s available. And you certainly don’t get to demand the good seats.
I was attending on my own, and I got to pick my seat as I arrived at the cinema complex quite a while before the start time. I chose the middle seat of the bank of three. I figured that if any couples came in, I’d move to either side happily, otherwise I’d have empty seats on each side of me, which I preferred.
I agree with you in one sense. You got to the venue early, picked specific seats (for a reason) and you should absolutely be able to keep said seats without any negative backlash. With that said, I am the type of person that would have moved a seat or two over with zero issue to fit in another couple or family. In my life being perfectly centered in for D SEAT 12 isn't a huge deal… especially if I'm being asked to move to row D SEAT 14… I try and be accommodating for good karma bc God knows I've needed some good juju thrown my way here and there. .. I don't condem people who think like you , I genuinely understand, but I also choose to live a little differentl.
Its happened to me before, I did the same thing. the person didn’t like that I kept saying the same thing over and over again and they eventually were either thrown out or left, the employees took care of it.
We have to go online or use a smartphone app to book our seats via a seat plan, where we click on the available numbered seats we want on screen, then order what we want to eat and drink, 3D IMAX glasses etc. and pay for it by online card transaction/ PayPal/ via the IMAX app or the like.
Let an usher or theater manager know. They had no right to yell at you for not moving, and they were the ones being rude.
This has happened before to me. I calmly, firmly, and politely, informed them that I arrived early specifically for these seats, and that they’re failure or inability to do so was neither my responsibility nor my concern. Once I had communicated my perspective to them, we simply ignored their presence.
Tell her to fuck off. It’s not your fault she couldn’t plan ahead, arrive early and get the good seats. Poor planning on her part does not create an obligation on your part, no matter how entitled she feels to being given everything she wants.
To me, it depends how far they are asking me to move. If it’s a matter of shifting one, or maybe two seats I’d probably do it. But, if it was any more than that, I’d refuse. But this issue is a big part of why I almost always pick theatres where I can pick my seat when I buy my ticket.
I know where the best seats for me are, that I will comfortable in and give me ease of access to the aisle. I make it a point to get to the theater early enough to get one of those. Once I sit down and the other seats I would be happy in are snatched up, I’m not moving just for the convince of others. I figure if I have paid good money to be entertained, them I’m not going to sit in a place I am unhappy with, so it would behoove me to get the seat I want first.
I love those theaters that sell reserved seats on line or even at the ticket counter. In fact I give preference to those venues when looking for a movie to see. However, that is not always possible so I agree - get there early so you can pick what you want and those who arrive late - tough luck. I am 5′10 and i deliberately look for an aisle seat or row that has a break in it so there is a larger area between rows than normal. I do not want to move because you couldn’t plan better.
These 4 proceed to take over nearly two whole rows, right in the prime spot. Two sit at either end of one row, the other two sit at one end and just shy of the next row, leaving two seats.
It depends on the movie, who I was with, my judgement of the stranger's intent, etc. . . . It's just going to be something I decide in the moment based on the situation. It could be a selfless gesture of kindness to give up your seats so that others could sit together. It also is a perfectly reasonable thing to say no, we came early on purpose just so we could sit here. Either decision is right. I wouldn't lose sleep over it.
I would smile and say, “We got here 30 minutes early so we could sit where we desired. You should try it the next time.” 😁 “And please sit down somewhere and quit disturbing everyone from hearing what we paid for.”
In this time of pandemic as theaters currently remain closed, I just wanted to offer the sentiment, I miss going to the theater. I look forward to the day when the lights dim and the audience waits in anticipation to be drawn into a story, dazzled by special effects, wooed by romance, gasping from hilarity, and shocked by a plot twist.
All I can tell you is that Danes have been using a seat reservation system for cinemas via telephone some time before online e-commerce became widely available. It is not a “dig” on American values. By and large, Americans can be slow to pick up new ways of doing things. For example, European and Asian countries picked up texting long before Americans did—and that’s no surprise; the US is a big country, and lifestyle changes don’t and won’t happen overnight. A country the size of Denmark, with its 5.5 million people can easily adopt these kinds of conveniences.
Such was the case with your cranked moviegoer. She requested a favor from you, a favor that you had neither the legal nor moral obligation to grant. If you had, you wouldn’t merely have been courteous, you would be actively undercutting a benefit that your foresight provided to you. By not granting it, you did not put any additional hardship on the latecomer that they hadn't already incurred due to their own actions. You were not in the wrong in any sense. In fact, courtesy demanded that a stranger, asking an unwarranted favor from people minding their own business, needed to ask your pardon for disrupting your evening and needed to thank you for your time and attention.
First of all— it is fundamental to etiquette that each person is wholly responsible for their own etiquette. A person has no duty and no right to correct or enforce rules of etiquette in other people, with the exception of children who are in their charge.
When Endgame came out, I arrived 3hrs early. Grabbed me some Wendy's and ate in the car waited for the theatre to open. As I'm sitting there, I see people going into the theater in cosplay. Not many, about 5 or 6 people. I finished my dinner and head inside. There is an additional four people already starting to cue so I hurried to the bathroom, grabbed a large popcorn and drink and get in line. It is now 2 1/2 hrs. before curtain and more people start to show up. There are now almost 2 dozen people forming a line and I'm the 9th person. They open up and let us in to the seating. I was very fortunate and able to grab the center, 2/3 up seat in a baby IMAX. No one else around me for several seats.
In Australia, we pick what seat we want when we purchase the ticket. I always choose back row aisle and I will defend that seat like my own personal micronation. And I always make it audibly clear to the late people that arrive after the lights go down and insist in pushing past you and stepping on your toes that I am less than happy with their time-telling abilities.
This reminds me of the time my friend says “Lee dissed Spike Lee.” we did as you did. We were half an hour early to get good seats for "Thelma and Louise". A few minutes before the movie starts we’re asked to move over. So we did. One seat. Then we're asked to move over again. “No,” i said. Loudly. Audibly. “it's Spike Lee" my friend whispered. “i don’t care", i said, “if he wanted these seats he should have gotten here half an hour early, like we did. I’m not moving all the way to the side and watching the movie at an angle.”
I had that happen once. We were in an independently-owned silent movie theater (cool, right?) and had arrived early to get good dead-center seats. This was an old 1930’s theater with a small screen and no stadium seating or even angled flooring, for people in back to be able to see over the person in front of them.
Here in the US, most movie theater seating is first come, first served. If you want good seats, the onus is on you to get to the theater early enough to make that happen. Unless you're brand-new to the area where the theater is located, you probably have a general sense of how long it takes to get there, get parking, buy tickets, concessions, etc. With some rudimentary use of higher brain function, it's not difficult to get the seat you desire.
I would have moved if it was a question of moving within the aisle. Yeah, if they had a lot of people, they should have shown up earlier, or seen if they could split up fairly equally so one was not left alone. And asking people to move is mildly rude. But it is never a win to answer rudeness with rudeness.
If there is not assigned seating arrangements in place, then again there is nothing to discuss. Its on a first come, first served basis. People nowadays are living in the age of entitlement. They want everything handed to them on a silver platter. Do the work and get there early and keep your snarky comments to yourself.
This reminds me of the time I was asked to move my car so a guy could get his car and boat out because he could not reverse it. My car was parked legally in a regular spot, he wanted to go forward over the grass instead. Anyway you get the point.
I've been in both situations, or similar to them, so I can see this can see this from both points of view. In my teens I was always happy to move up a seat or two to allow others to sit together. Unfortunately, now I rely on a wheelchair to do anything, the situation is more difficult. While it isn't normally used, the majority of cinemas do actually have a system for reserving seating. This is especially important for people with disabilities who may need to sit closer to speakers, the screen or an easy access seat. These seats aren't necessarily marked as being different or reserved but usually, if somebody else is using one, it is easy enough to simply explain that you actually booked ahead and reserved this spot.
I would politely tell them that you arrived eary for your preferred seats, and if they had a problem with it, to speak with the manager. The manager will politely explain that they were warned they may not find seats together, and will exchange their tickets for the next showing or refund their money.
A couple who looked like they were on their first date came down the aisle looking for seats and he asked me if there were two seats together in our row.
Look, if you're late to the movie, that sucks, go find another seat. Just because someone is in the seat that you want to sit in, dosen't mean they have to move. Your not the Queen of England are you?
This reminds me of the time that I went to a movie marathon at my local cinema. I reserved the same seat for all three of the movies and then during the second one, someone stole my seat. The thing was it was absolutely my own fault because I was late coming back (from grabbing some lunch). In truth, I could have made an absolute fuss but I didn’t because the movie was about to start and I wanted to watch it and not interrupt it for everyone.
The people who arrived after the film started should have known better than to be late. Yes, occasionally one can’t help being late because of subway delays or traffic problems, but most people who experience that learn to plan for that possibility later on. They were rude for being late, making that unreasonable demand, and disturbing other patrons’ enjoyment of the film.
If it was a matter of moving 1 or 2 seats one way or the other, I’d have done it. If it was something like 5 seats, I’d most surely decline as well. If she’s going to yell, that’s her problem, not yours. There’s a line from another movie I like to use in those situations when someone starts to yell at me: “You’re not only wrong, you’re wrong at the top of your voice.”
As my mother always says “poor planning on your part does not make an emergency on mine.” when we went to endgame we got their and hour early and the theater and they were already seating. The theater was almost filled in 30 minutes so there was still a half and hour before the ads came on. Mostly only single seats where left a few that was 2 together and this gigantic group came in. So they spilt off. A small child with each parent and spilt up. Come to find out the theater was WAY over sold as I swear 50 more people came in just to turn away as there was NOWHERE to sit. This was in no way my fault. So if someone had yelled at me I would have told them to go get movie staff I came here early for my seats you didnt. Get lost. I hate it when people waltz in and expect everyone to move mountains for them. Some idiot in a really bad captian America costume came in with his date and when they couldnt find 2 seats together shouted to get the entire theaters attention asking who would be willing to move to help out captain America. Bruh get over yourself. Silence. He then addressed the kids and asked if anyone would sit on their parents laps to make room. Of course the kids where excited and more than willing But that was SO rude! These parents paid for seats for their children because they didnt want their bony butts on their laps. He eventually got his spot I think mainly because he wouldnt stop talking and shouting.
I would say, “You think we're being rude to arrive half an hour early to a film in order to get good seats together without disrupting anyone else? Then what would you call yourself who arrives after the movie has started and expects us to give up our seats in order to accommodate you? Do the words 'discourteous’, ‘entitled’, and ‘clueless’ ring a bell?”
(the only theaters in my area to have assigned seating are theaters showing a LIVE performance. and one of the theaters did a “ be seated 5 minutes before show starts because the doors will be closed and then ya gotta wait until intermission to be let in….)
If she didn’t leave you alone, get your friend/family member/SO to hold your seat as you bring an employee up there to get that useless twit out of your face. If she gets kicked out? Too bad. Not your problem
If it was a crew of half a dozen or more, such that shifting over would leave us at the margins, I would decline, or suggest a shift of one seat the other direction, so they could enjoy the side view.
That said, I would probably accommodate the request if it’s not too much inconvenience for me. I don’t mind moving over a seat or two, or perhaps even up or down a row, but that’s about it.
Once someone has been infected with this malady, they become completely self-centered and obnoxious. The contagion is spread by over-stimulation of the MeMeMe zone of the brain which effectively shuts down the logical and rational thinking areas of said brain. There is no known treatment for such a condition as the infected person never thinks they are wrong and do not seek help. The only way to deal with them is to remain calm and not give in to their ludicrous demands. Be cautious, sometimes they lash out and sometimes they simply grumble and go away.
My husband and I did the same thing. The usher is walking around with a woman and her friend who said that she must sit on the aisle due to claustrophobia and wanted us to move to other seats. We said no. She finally did find some people who were willing to move. I’m not heartless, but if you need to sit in a certain place you should get there early and have a seat. Don’t expect me to save your place for you.
This is a pet peeve of mine… I also tend to arrive early, especially for movies that are going to be sold out. Let’s say my wife and I are first into the theatre and we get prime, center seats. When the next 2 couples come in, they leave a 1 seat buffer between us and them…. Basically setting us up for the move request. They knew that the seats would all be occupied… why not just take the seats next to us to save us the hassle.
Me, personally? I would laugh, say “bye", and enjoy the movie. Might even add in, “should've gotten here sooner". Let them make a scene and get kicked out, maybe even banned with a no trespass order, if they are so inclined to keep going. Fuck them.
Of course, since it is open, unassigned seating, their policy may actually be for you and others to move down to make space if there are enough open seats in a row. Either way, ignore the mouthy bitch after you tell her to Fuck Off.
It was my understanding that it’s universal law, when it comes to movie theaters and specifically, non-reserved seats, that it’s first come, first serve.
Recently we went to a larger more expensive first-run movie theater… THERE the seats could be reserved ahead of time and prepaid over the internet. Otherwise it was First-Come-First-serve for the seats and when you bought tickets it was for specific seats.
It really depends. Was she asking me to scoot down one or two seats so her group could fit next to us? Sure, it's not a huge inconvenience and I don't mind. Was she asking me to completely give up our seats do she could sit there? She can screw off to another theater. If she knew she was bringing a large group, come earlier so you can get seats together. I have a family of 6, and we usually try to get to the theater about 10-15 minutes early, if not earlier, so we can sit together. It's not that hard to plan ahead, so shame on jer for bot doing so
Take up defensive mode instead of yelling back. Simply raise your hands and say, “Sorry, but it’s not my problem.” Make it clear that you wash your hands of the situation and imply that it’s her fault, but don’t say that explicitly. If she continues to yell, ignore her, and let the other patrons and staff take care of the situation.
This happened too me once in NYC, me and my wife were watching a marvel movie (cant remember which one but cinema was packed) it was half through the trailer when a girl wanted to make the whole row move over so she could see it with her friends, usually I dont care but one person in the row said no so whole row wasnt going to move.
Tell her to pull her head in, and point out people are trying to watch the movie, Please find somewhere to sit down and be quiet or you will be forced to contact the Usher to have you removed and our ticket refunded for the interruption
I witnessed something similar years ago at Disney when the evening “Illuminations” show was new. At that time every viewing space next to the lake was three-deep well before showtime. A photographer had claimed a spot just big enough for himself well over an hour before the show. Just before showtime, a woman ran up and sat her child on the wall just in front of the photographer’s camera. Of course, the photographer complained and told the woman to move her child, but the woman was indignant, saying how rude it was for an adult to deprive a child of experiencing this event.
It just so happens that this exact situation has occurred on a few different occasions. The wife and I would arrive 45 minutes early to ensure we get our preferred seats and then we wait. And wouldn't you know it? Right as the trailers are beginning (something we both love!) In comes a woman with a troop of children that decides our seats look perfect. Now she doesn't need to take the time to actually look for her own seats. She just needs to convince me to move.
I would have responded the same as you did. Declined to move! Why should you have to make accommodations for their lack of for sight and poor planning? Besides, the theater shouldn't allow people to continue to enter, after the movie started anyway. That only interrupts and hinders the experience of the ones who were serious movie buffs like yourself. Just like the rude and obnoxious people who think talking and joking are ok; Or when families refuse to take the crying baby or temper throwing child out of the theater, when others are trying to enjoy the movie. Their anger towards you reinforces the reminder that they should arrive on time next time. Cudos to you for standing your ground. But, this is a reminder to me why I don't go to the movie theater anymore. I would much rather enjoy movies in the comfort of my own home.
I would kindly ask her, “May I ask you a question that Just May settle this?” If she says Yes then ask, “Why is it really necessary to sit together? You can't talk, or mingle anyway?” If they give you an answer, even a good 1, you Could say, “Then you try to consider those points whenever you plan your next night out!! Now, get the hell outta my face!!” Well, you might just wanna leave that last sentence out!! Tell the lady to get you the floor security person. Maybe they could help them out, or could throw them out!! Take Care & Stay Safe, Dapper Dan
This doesn’t answer your question directly but it’s close. A few years back my wife and I arrived early and settled into our favorite seats on the isle. A few minutes before the movie started, a theater employee asked us politely to relinquish our sets so a disabled couple could sit in them as they were on the isle and in the last row (so they didn't’t have to negotiate the steep steps to access the vacant seats). We agreed and got two free tickets for our courtesy. I’m not sure what’s the right thing to do in your case. My first inclination would be to politely decline, but if they asked me nicely I might agree to shift over.
I agree. Tell her you arrived early to get good seats. Then she arrives late and then expects you to accommodate her. Thinking that she is entitled to any seat she chooses. I would tell her I am really sorry. But my ass is stuck to this seat and I can't get up.
Tell her you arrived early so you could specificAlly have these seats and that’s what people typically do if they want specific seats or if they have to accommodate a group. The next showing is at ______ she’s early for that and would be able to pick out the seats she desires. Possession is 9/10 of the law you possess these seats for your viewing pleasure and she can have the option of what remains. As far as “rude” it’s far more rude to intrude on someone’s outing with your late arrival and make demands that are not hers to make. And to enjoy the movie
I would have declined just as you did .This is such a common occurrence in movie theatres , especially during sold out films. It amazes me how people can show up late and expect others to move to accommodate them. When a house is sold out there should be a usher there to help late arrivals find seats and monitor the crowd . Also ,when you purchase your tickets after the film starts the box office should warn you that there are mostly single seats left. I was a theatre manager and those two actions pretty much stopped rude late comers from doing what they did to you. The few times it did happen , if they were loud and disruptive, I simply threw them out. You are a paying customer who did nothing wrong. If it happens again , notify the manager and let them handle it. That's their job, plus you probably would have gotten a few free passes and popcorn coupons.
“As movie buffs, we arrived 30 minutes early to get good seats in midsection half way down. Others arrived after the film started, couldn't find seats together so asked us to move. We declined. She yelled at us for being rude. What would you do?”
Hello, I like classical bollywood movies which have both story as well as acting. Now a days I like low budget bollywood movies because they are lot better in terms of acting and story than the 100 Cr club movies. I even made minimal posters on few of them (Few of them for my company, ScrollDroll and few as personal project). So according me these movies are one of the best Indian movies.
Yesterday, while browsing movies on Netflix, I came across one of the Bold, Brave, Masterpiece, and finest combinations of thriller Tamil-language movie "Super Deluxe".It is a multi-starer movie directed by Thiyagarjan Kumararaja, which revolves around 4 different short stories that deal with issues like social stigma, taboos, and spirituality. All different shades of a movie drive one to think about society, its norm, and the hazardous mentality of people. Moreover, it depicts uneasiness and discomfort among people to discuss such issues as they find it morally wrong. It shows a true image of the society, in which, we all are living, and how people bash other people for challenging and breaking the norms or standards set-up by society.
ANDHADHUN : Great acting, excellent plot, wonderful direction with some beautiful songs like wo ladki, naina da kya kasur. This is my personal favorite of this genre. Tremendous work by Sriram Raghavan & team.
I think the one Indian movie that has all the potential to redefine the style of Indian film making and raise the standards of Indian cinema is Baahubali.
Excellent movie with hillarious plot. In this movie a man sues god when his shop is destroyed in earthquake. The movie gives the message that God is not in temples or stones but in every human. Must watch!
If you want to make a realistic movie, maybe don’t make people survive extreme situations and then just brush it off, don’t make them do enormous physical feats even though they’re supposed to be “normal humans”, and don’t have 3,000 year old villains lose to random teenagers because it’s bloody dumb and generic. Oh, and maybe have some situations which have more than a 1 in 30 billion chance to happen.
However, in a world even remotely resembling our own, every government has strict laws in place preventing companies from utilizing their own military hardware. You don’t see General Dynamics guarding its headquarters with Abrams tanks, or Lockheed Martin protecting the airspace over their headquarters with F-22 Raptors. It just isn’t realistic at all.
I’ve been noticing it lately, when actors pick up cups full of coffee, hot chocolate or tea it’s evident there is nothing inside. The cups are swung about as if there’s nothing inside, so why not weigh it down just a bit by placing some liquid inside. It drives me to distraction, but it’s such a small thing to add liquid. Not too much or a spill will ruin the sets and costumes, but just enough to make the actors’ moves look realistic.
Every time the good guy gets shot he eventually has see to his wound by “removing the bullet”. Really tough dudes will dig it out with a knife even. Once the bullet is removed every sighs like “that’s better” and they wrap the wound up.
“the fault in our Stars” the best movie i have seen. The tragic, sad, teared story but it also inspired us to how to love, keep living … by the way, if you finish the movie, you should read the book coz you will be full of tear twice
I haven’t rewatched movies in a long time, but as a kid, I saw Tommy Boy, What About Bob, and Groundhog Day about a dozen times each, maybe more. I also saw all of the Star Wars films several times each, probably about a dozen each on some of those, and Lord of the Rings many times each. The Bourne films as well. If I had to choose just one, though, it would probably be Groundhog Day. Bill Murray at his best, imo. Nowadays, I hardly rewatch movies as I’m afraid it’ll be boring, but it’s often rewarding when I do, for example, I hadn’t seen the original Jurassic Park since I was a kid, and I had forgotten just how spectacular that film is.
Hbo band of brothers. Ww2 documentary that will make you cry, and swell with American pride, this conning from a paratrooper from the 101st airborne that did 3 tours to Iraq and the stans.
Sholay- it's timeless. Each character is nuanced, great stunts, memorable dialogues and a menacing villain- in short, the best of Bollywodd in three hours!
Christopher Nolan is a director whose movies are like one can't get completely the first time , so more you watch the movie more you will understand and enjoy.
It depends on our intrest and genre of the movie we watch. List of my favourites is The wolf of wall street, Inception, Interstellar, Schindler's list, the hangover series and American pie series.
OMG, pulp fiction, sling blade. The color purple & boomerang. I can watch these movies over & over again. They never get old for me.
There are certain movie which leave you speechless and that movie forces you to see it again and again. So here are my some movies list that i can watch many times. They are from both HOLLYWOOD as well as from BOLLYWOOD. And the list are as follows:
The Dark Knight (2008) - Trust me, watching this movie is an amazing experience. You just can't resist admiring the acting of late Heath Ledger. The movie offers thrills and suspence and an amazing portrayal of the most iconic villain of comic book history.
Unless the acting is horrible I don't get tired of watching any, because the more I see a film the more I see it as job for the actors and I also try to watch for things that shouldn't be there
Fantastic Mr Fox. The humour and style of animation are so distinct and original, that it's almost impossible to complain about it. It also packs so much detail that you could watch it a third time and still find new things hidden in the environments and backgrounds.
Hav a visit to “interstellar”, you will have multiple scientific approaches and a lot of books for further investigations. During this period, you will incur watching the movie indefinite times.
I have watched these plenty of times and still love them to bits, maybe cause they don’t take themselves all too seriously and deliver a great time that feels lovely each time over and over, but there are many more films worth watching many times.
“12 Angry Man”, first i’m not intersted on this film because of the film setting. All the actors only speak in one small room, but if you follow the story line it provoke your Brain to think logic and see the problem from other perspective. I really love this film, never bored
QUEEN is the movie which I can watch again and again without getting bored. Whenever I felt messed up ,heart broken, lonely, this movie would be the rescuer. It just gives a boost to my confidence during my low times. When I had a heartbreak it made me realise that you actually dont need anyone to make you happy. You need to love yourself and take care of your needs which eventually will make you the happiest. The movie tells you that there are many friendly people around the world and you can spend good time with them once you're out of the cocoon! So the answer is QUEEN!!!
OH MY GOD, 3 IDIOTS and TAARE ZAMEEN PAR are some movies from Bollywood which you can watch endlessly without getting bored. The sole reason being the content of these movies and the influence they will have on you.
I’m Chinese, my friends say this is a boring movie. But I feel like it just talk about my life. In my life there are many things looks simply, even I try hard but didn’t change nothing. Maybe I just look like work hard.
LotR., Captain and Commander;Far side of the World, The Pirates of the Carribean series, Anything with Sandra Bullock, Owen Wilson and Jennifer Anniston
I think….you are talking about the movies that are so good that everytime you watch it,you find something better everytime.
Terrence Malik’s first two films- Badlands and Days of Heaven. So many films on everyone’s list have copied from these two iconic, brilliant films. Watch them and understand from where so many good films from the last 30 have “"borrowed” their ideas.
It's about cate and life ,the scenery in the movie is so beautiful and the food which the leading lady did by herself are simple but look delicious all .
Kale may be even healthier than spinach. Both are very nutritious, but kale is lower in oxalates, substances that can bind minerals like calcium in your intestine, preventing them from being absorbed.Kale and other greens are also high in various bioactive compounds, including isothiocyanates and indole-3-carbinol, which have been shown to fight cancer in test-tube and animal studies.
I keep varying my breakfast everyday, oatmeal, Poha, peanut Butter banana sandwich, aloo paratha, roti and Omlette. I also have a cutting chai everyday.
1.Lentils(one of the cheapest and nourishing foods items that you can add to your diet, good in micronutrients and protein, taste great, and easy to cook and yes dal rice with some ghee can never go wrong)
On the bright side of life number one you'll have more energy keeping your energy high is a big problem nowadays with constant stress and brain work we often feel tired by noon. But if you want to keep your energy up throughout the day and be just as productive in the evening as you are in the afternoon simply incorporate dates into your meals. This fruit is very high in natural sugars such as glucose fructose and sucrose and they can give you a necessary energy boost a study published in the International Journal of Food Sciences and nutrition found that chewing a few dates when you're exhausted raises your energy levels immediately. Now you can use this little trick whenever you feel especially worn out.
Eat green veggies, as you can see winters are near, In India the tendency of eating green veggies automatically increases in winters and If you are from Uttarakhand that too a Kumaoni then the local green veggie called “Laai” is going to be a daily meal everyday for all three months Nov Dec and Jan.
I had read from a leading dietician that sprouted mung beans were the healthiest single food. I bought some and the nutritional content is very evident.
Eliminates dysbiosis of the small intestine (potent source of healthy Lactobacillus bacteria, even more so in fermented form such as sauerkraut or kimchi)
To be honest I think that south Indian food is very healthy. These days I have stopped eating things like paranthas and ‘bread pakoras’ in the morning and have switched to a Tamil breakfast. I think that they have less oil and are healthier for the stomach too. Yesterday my mom made ‘Koykote’ for breakfast and it was super tasty and healthy.
However, if you know how to control your Quantity and Calorie Intake you can enjoy almost all types of food without Gaining weight and Health issues.
Yeah this is one item which you can't live without so drink as much as you can. And drink clean water , even RO water is not good for health as it is deprived of minerals, so add some pink salt to it to make it more beneficial.
We all know that an apple a day keeps the doctor away. So just follow this ritual , have a fruit or if you can do more have a fruit platter. It will give essential vitamins and everything you need for a healthy body.
According to recent research, chocolate contains more antioxidants, gram-for-gram, than most fruit juices - great news for chocoholics! On top of protecting the body from diseases and helping to prevent heart conditions, dark chocolate is a natural mood-booster.
Foods are grouped together because they provide similar amounts of key nutrients. For example, key nutrients of the milk, yoghurt, cheese and alternatives group include calcium and protein, while the fruit group is a good source of vitamins, especially vitamin C.
Healthy eating isn't complicated. Don't be confused by the conflicting nutrition and diet advice. For every expert who says a certain food is good for you, you’ll find another expert telling you exactly the opposite. Certain foods or nutrients are beneficial no doubt but it’s your overall dietary habit that is important. A healthy diet should not include processed food when real food is readily available. Eat natural, eat healthy with the suitable proportion of the food pyramid - 1/4 protein + 1/4 carb + 1/2 veg/fruit.
“High fiber foods are excellent sources of healthful, disease-fighting nutrients and phytochemicals. Consuming these foods often can help lower your risk of heart disease, reduce systemic inflammation, and aid in weight management.”
Garlic is the secret weapon of the Germans' longevity. There must be garlic for three meals a day. Even the after-dinner cakes, ice cream, and garlic wine are also available. The French use garlic chicken soup to fight colds, the Koreans rely on garlic pickles for appetizers, and the Japanese make garlic into preserves... The National Cancer Organization of the United States believes that among the most cancer-fighting plants in the world, garlic tops the list.
I think vegetarian food are the healthiest food. Being in India, I am fortunate to have experienced some of the amazing vegetarian dishes. Every state in India offers one or other mouth watering vegetarian food to relish.
I’m not saying that you need to go on a 90- day fast lo lose weight or heal yourself.But look at the power of fasting while also consuming herbs, water and fresh juices 🧃🥤
When you carve out the core of a pineapple, don’t throw it in the garbage. “Pineapples contain bromelain, an enzyme that can re-duce nasal and sinus inflammation, mitigate arthritis and muscle pain, and po-tentially fight cancer,” says Lauren Popeck, RD. Chop and add the core to fruit salads, slaws, chutneys, salsas, or stir-fries; blend it into smoothies; or toss it into water, tea, sangria, or even marinades to enhance flavor.
One recent example I came across is this – if you’re going to eat a terrible meal of chicken, white rice and eggs, adding just a tablespoon of kale powder will blunt the blood sugar spike of this meal. You’re not taking anything away, you’re simply adding a healthy ingredient in addition to the unhealthy ones and your health improves (source).
Calorie for calorie, vegetables are among the world’s most concentrated sources of nutrients. There is a wide variety available, and it is best to eat many different types of vegetables every day.
A Penn State study found that consuming daily garlic capsules lowered men’s cholesterol levels by 7-percent over the course of five months. The study used a supplement version, but there’s no downside to eating fresh garlic — just be sure your mouthwash is handy!
A great source of protein is Masoor Dal, Toor Dal, mainly lentils, which are vegetarian foods. For breakfast, you can make Pancakes, and I highly recommend using Danfe foods buckwheat flour because it's really nutritious and of good quality. Dosa, and Idly are other convenient options. Lunch for me is rice with Dal and some vegetables, and for dinner, I have roti or naan and some curries. If you’re looking for a wide range of household essentials, Do check out Danfe foods and let me know :)
Actually masturbating to porn is actually addicting when you have depression and other things it’s soothes your mind as you’re doing it. Gets away from whatever you’re running from I know this because I used to be and it’s a very bad habit you want to get out of it very quickly having too much sexual desire is bad for you and will only make matters worse and making more insecure or at least that’s what it did to me but usually people get addicted when they’re depressed or their life sucks or they just can’t get enough of themselves or they feel left out and. Want to fit in so you need to stop and learn to control your sexual desires to do so.
Increases metabolism, speeds up the rate of release of fat from fat cells in the body, reduces atherosclerosis and risk of heart disease, lowers blood pressure, reduce cholesterol levels, reduces inflammation and prevents cancer.
Dark leafy vegetables include kale, spinach, and cabbage. Kale contains cancer-fighting antioxidants, a top source of vitamin A in the vegetable world, promoting eye and skin health, a good source of heart-healthy fiber and has almost as much vitamin C as an orange, among other nutrients and minerals present. Kale is also a great detox food, due to its high sulfur and fibre content. Similarly, spinach is very rich in antioxidants, and is an excellent source of vitamins A, B-6, C, E, K, selenium, niacin, zinc, phosphorus, copper, folic acid, potassium, manganese, betaine and iron.
It is not the usual garlic that you have in kitchen. It tends to be less aromatic than ordinary garlic and some use it for health benefits. Here’s some what you will get when you consume solo garlic:
Without much ado, here the corner stones of what I eat regularly, because I believe in its importance for us humans, based on conventional science and some studies done by people who probably know what they are talking about.
I’ve eliminated most ultra-processed foods about 6 years ago, and have been enjoying spectacular results. I cannot even remember the last time I had a headache or a runny nose. These days my diet is 90% “meat and vegetables”, and my day is structured as follows:
My wife is very healthy, I am too but I eat too much of everything. Really healthy people eat “natural” foods and not much at one sitting. Almost every God made food is good for your body, though I stay away from sweet fruits. Most wont eat swine and limit their red meats. My wife eats poultry and fish…seafood too. We eat a lot of our vegetables and grains in their raw form. Also, the colored, sugar-based drinks are no no as well. Water should be your main fluid. We rarely eat anything fried as well.
The stigma behind psychedlics, including psilocybin mushrooms, began with Richard Nixon's "War on Drugs." This introduced the classification of drugs, in which both marijuana and psychedlic mushrooms are listed to be as dangerous as heroine under Schedule 1 classication.
According to her one of the essential requirements for being healthy is to have a good diet that includes all the vitamins, minerals, fats, protein and carbs. A diet having all the essential nutrients is easy to follow as compared to other diets which focuses on a particular compound and advocates for eliminating others. Remember every nutrient and compound has its own value and that cant be replaced. So try to eat clean for most part of the year and whenever you feel like junking just try to keep it in moderation.
All too often, seemingly healthy snacks are secretly loaded with sugar, saturated fats, and carbohydrates. That's why we handpicked the most healthy foods that are delicious and incredibly easy to cook with. After all, rule number one for sticking to a smart meal plan is to not get bored, and these healthy ingredients will keep you on your toes (promise!).
It is vital to have awareness of the most healthful foods to ensure a wide a range of nutrients in the diet. A balanced diet is the secret to healthful eating. So, here is the list of few foods that are very god for your health.
For the uninitiated, there are many athletes who have decided to go vegan to boost their fitness and endurance level and the results are remarkable. Many athletes who've changed their diet for plant-based foods are not only experiencing positive results in terms of their physical performance but also feeling mentally calm and relaxed.
Healthy eating means eating a wide variety of foods from each of the five major food groups, in the amounts recommended. The Australian Dietary Guidelines provide up-to-date advice about the types and amount of foods that we need to eat for our health. These are shown in the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating.
When it comes to your diet, everything in moderation is a good general rule, but there are some items that pack a bigger “nutritional punch” than others, even with vegetables. We need a wide variety of food to ingest all the vitamins, minerals and other nutrients our bodies need, in addition to fluids and fiber to keep everything running smoothly.
Food is very essential part of our life which should be taken to maintain the body metabolism and to keep our body parts healthy. Now a days people started concentrating on food more and trying with different delicious items coming on advertisements, reels etc which is not that healthy. We missed concentrating on picking right one instead of tasty one. Eating junks once in a while is somewhat fine but on routine it should not be taken to fill your stomach. Eat healthy foods which is rich in Protein, Vitamins and Iron especially to keep your immunity well and good. Carbohydrates are also important to be taken on daily basis but on a limited quantity so change your eating style. Rice is rich in Carbohydrates but limit yourself on that by taking once in a day and take other items too like Chapati etc as fibre is also essential for our body. Choose fruits and vegetables more whenever you feel hungry instead of preferring snacks/ junks. Meat , fish or seafoods , eggs can also be taken weekly once at least. Prefer using good and fresh products for preparing food at home. Avoid too much of oil in the food. One simple formula is don't take anything more than a limit which is poisonous by the way.
It's time to dump her and move on. Eating a variety of fruits and vegetables, plant and animal proteins, healthy fats for the heart and whole grains is the best basis for good health. Although personal preferences, food allergies, or medical concerns may vary, use this “starter set” of seven top foods as the basis of our own personal plans that are not only nutritious but also economical and versatile.
A wide variety of foods are both nutritious and delicious. Fill your plate with colorful, diverse, and healthy meals by including fruits, veggies, quality protein, and other whole foods. At least three to four times per week, consume dark green veggies. Broccoli, peppers, Brussels sprouts, and leafy greens like kale and spinach are all good choices. At least two or three times a day, consume entire grains. Add two to four servings of fruit into your daily diet. Berries including raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries are good to eat.
Unfortunately, the food industry doesn’t make as much of a profit on fresh foods; processed foods are where the money's at. Even big food companies have lobbied aggressively against public health plans - such as a campaign ordering the removal of junk food from schools.
As women between the ages of 35 and 50, not knowing what is good or bad for your body can create unwarranted stress. Use the following as a resource to ease the worries that come along with taking the right steps to strengthen your future health.
"Nourishing Mind, Body, and Soul", or more simply put, eating well. Eating a nutritious meal on a regular basis will not only affect your current health but also your future self through the changes you make to lifestyle choices. We are all aware of the basics to healthy living i.e. exercising and eating healthily, which is not always an easy task if you don't know which foods are good for your health.
The best weight control plans have more natural products, vegetables, nuts, beans, entire grains, and low-fat dairy and less salt, sweet beverages, white flour, and red meat. Where to begin? The following are 10 of the best food varieties—the sorts of food sources to eat routinely, on the grounds that they're better for your wellbeing and they're tasty.
Tomatoes are packed with vitamins, and concentrated tomato products are high in lycopene. Adding lycopene to your diet may help protect your heart, especially if your current diet isn't giving you all the antioxidants you need.
Soy is a plant protein and a great alternative to meat. It has impressive cardiovascular effects, including lowering blood pressure and reducing cholesterol.
You’ll get nearly 20 percent of your daily dose of fiber in one half-cup serving of avocado, plus cholesterol-lowering monounsaturated fats.
Oilfree ,sugarfree food aren't good for health, both of them are like slow poison, if we eat those types of food which only satisfies our tastebuds and not give any health benefits. As I knew the importance of sugar free and less oil or oil free food benefits, I changed my food chart and changed my channels food chart too and i try to share my healthy recipes.
(Pineapple contains something called "Bromelain". If we eat pineapple directly, we will feel "bitten" on our tongue and mouth)
If you take a lot of nutmeg, it works like a psychedelic because it contains a natural compound called "myxorubicin.". If taken in large doses, it can have a mind altering effect. It is also poisonous in large doses.
6. The banana species is at risk of being eradicated. Although there are over 1,000 different varieties of bananas, the banana sold on market is the Cavendish Banana which is more resistant to a fungal disease. Due to a lack of genetic diversity, the entire species is at the risk.
The discovery was easily understood. To grow foods without pesticides, you have to pick those subspecies that are "naturally resistant" to insects and fungus. That invariably means that they have higher levels of "natural" poisons in their skin and in their flesh. So those farmers who picked the plants that didn't need pesticides were picking plants that (to use Ames' terminology) were surviving by engaging in chemical warfare.
At the end of day one, he had already been pledged a massive $200. This only encouraged him though, and so he set prizes! Donate $3, and you get a bite of the fabled salad. $20, and he'll actually write you a potato salad haiku! That had to be worth the money! In the end, the page became the 4th most viewed kickstarter page ever, with over 4 million views!
The one person who didn’t wake up had a blocked nose. The researchers tried using other plants like lavender and peppermint but none were as effective as wasabi in waking up people.[1]
The egg slices generally cannot be detected as not being eggs boiled in the normal fashion, although slight wrinkling might be seen around the edges due to indentions made by the plastic wrapping.
Foods, like ranch dressing or coffee creamer, can contain titanium dioxide, which can also be found in paint, plastic, and sunscreen.
In South Korea, the octopus is eaten raw. This can be extremely dangerous as first-time inexperienced diners who don’t chew the octopus can result in the live octopus gripping your throat, thus suffocating you to death.
If you are struggling to acquire a reply for What are some mind-blowing facts about food? this after that you can stop worrying. I have seen this questions next many times in the hours of daylight in Quora. The solution is easy you can use this tool to acquire the results.
Honey is basically bee vomit. Some bees are "forager" bees, which collect nectar from flowering plants. The foragers drink the nectar and keep it in their "honey stomach." When the forager bee takes the nectar back to the hive, it regurgitates the nectar into the honey stomach of the "processor" bee near the entrance to the hive, which regurgitates it on the hive and allows it to ripen.
If you’ve baked an apple pie to only realize that you forgot to take the sticker off, worry not. The little bar-code on your piece of pie means that you get an added flavor to your thanksgiving dessert.
Brain is a complex organ that has many functions. It includes memory, memory and learning. It also contains the ability to think critically and make decisions based on information gathered from various sources. This is why we need to eat healthy foods in order to keep our brains The nutrients in food are also used as a source of energy for the organism functioning properly. There are several types of foods that can help you with your brain health. These include:
Salmon is one of the most nutritious fish available in the market today. It has a low level of saturated fat which can be harmful for your health and hence you should eat this fish regularly. The other important thing that you need to keep in mind is that if you do not consume enough Omega 3 fatty acids, then your brain will start developing a disease called alzheimer's. So, if you are suffering from alzheimer's disease, you must take this fish daily. You can also try eating salmon with some vegetables like carrots,broccoli or spinach.
It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack
When you do, those ideas and perspectives can open up a whole new world of possibilities. You could, for example, hear details from other people’s lives about how they managed to overcome an obstacle or to succeed in accomplishing something they've always wanted to do. In addition, hearing their stories could give you an idea or two on how to implement the strategies they used into your daily life. That’s a gold mine just waiting to be discovered! You can use this brain food to learn, be curious, wonder, question, pause, and think what you want to do and what is possible to do with the information you’ve absorbed.
The brain uses 20 percent of the body’s calories, it needs good fuel to maintain concentration throughout the day. The brain requires different kinds of nutrients for a healthy mind.
Broccoli can lock in nutrients and provide a wealth of essential vitamins. It's an excellent source of folic acid, which helps keep the brain healthy and may reduce your risk for dementia. The benefits of broccoli are endless. This cruciferous vegetable is not only low in calories, but it's high in protein and fiber. One cup of cooked broccoli has about six grams of protein, which is more than what's found in a large egg. It also provides a wealth of essential vitamins including folic acid, which helps keep the brain healthy and may reduce your risk for dementia.
Similarly, as there is no enchantment pill to forestall intellectual decrease, no single all-powerful cerebrum food can guarantee a sharp mind as you age. Nutritionists accentuate that the main technique is to follow a sound dietary example that incorporates a ton of natural products, vegetables, vegetables, and entire grains. Attempt to get protein from plant sources and fish and pick sound fats, like olive oil or canola, instead of soaked fats.
The brain uses glucose and oxygen for energy, same as the rest of the body. Glucose+oxygen is converted into ATP which then powers everything that goes on inside of brain cells.
Brain strong foods can help with improved focus and concentration, as well as long term strength to your brain structure and function.
Turmeric - Curcumin in turmeric is shown to cross the blood-brain barrier which means it can directly go to brain cells and benefit the cells.
In today’s age , everyone could use a little help staying sharp and being more productive. So, if you are ready to become a multitasker, these are best brain foods-
Oily fish are a good source of omega-3 fatty acids. Omega 3s help build membranes around each cell in the body, including the brain cells . They can , therefore improve the structure of brain cells called neurons .
My wife is a hardcore horror movie fan. She LOVES horror movies far more than any other type of film. When she gets to pick the movie/show its 100% horror 100% of the time.
Exorcist generated a fear that cannot be described. I mean in 1977 when the only horror we had seen was Gemini Ganesan singing to a Ghost.
This dude Charlie loses his girlfriend who is taken to Hell by “Hell Cop.” Hell Cop arrests beautiful women to take to the Devil because I guess he likes pretty girls. The old man gives Charlie a special car that can follow Hell Cop’s portal to Hell. He asks Charlie to save his wife who is the most beautiful woman ever!! I promise you. In this movie tho. She’s regular hot in other movies. But in this particular movie, that girl looks like friggin, Princess Zelda without fairy ears.
I’ll replace “THE” with “MY” because this is a subjective question. The movie, “The Exorcist” is considered the scariest movie of all time, but I actually found it mediocre and not that scary like they made it out to be. I will applaud it for containing excellent sounds, atmosphere, and visuals, but it was not really that scary.
If you like hardcore gore and the feeling of intense nausea, I would recommend the Human Centipede series. I’ve only seen the second one, but it took me two days to get through it, and even now, several years later, I still feel sick thinking about it, writing about it or talking about it.
That’s very easy to answer. The scariest movie that I have ever seen was the German comedy “Look Who’s Back” in 2015. Odd choice, right? Keep reading. Here is the synopsis from Wikipedia:
First of all, Horror has many kinds .,supernatural, slasher, psychological, cult and many kinds related. I am hell of a horror fan, I always searched for best horror films and most of them were supernatural at first, watched them with great expectations but honestly most of them were very disappointing and weren’t scary at all, then later I found the new side of horror films, they are mostly psychological based and science fiction horror genres and mostly disturbing.
This is the only supernatural movie that actually scared me. Too bad this movie was both critic and commercial failure but it has reached a cult status now. One good thing I liked about this movie was the devil of the movie (called ‘Mary shaw’) was already pretty evil when she was a human so, you can’t expect goodwill from a psychopathic narcissistic evil woman and it made everything more scary. I’m not gonna spoil it further. Plus it has an unexpected plot twist!.
They went on more dates. The accent was getting harder to maintain and she couldn’t bring him home to meet her family, but they really clicked. There didn’t seem to be a good time to tell him she was a Belfast girl.
It should not matter either way for an online friend, if she does not believe you, then she does not. if you meet in person at some point, maybe she will reconsider, otherwise an online friend does not really have a relevant age if both are adult at least, i would not really care if an online friend of mine is 30 or 40
More than any other demographic quality, a person's age is the single most immutable, significant aspect of their life. Time marches on, and I have more in common with those in this world born in 2002 than those in this world that are black, that are American, or are male (I am all of those things).
I’m not sure what the problem is here. You’ve never met, it’s been 8 yeara, you obviously don’t have any intention of seeing each other in person.
Having unrealistic expectations can create problems when it comes to your children. This happens when parents get frustrated or impatient with a two 1/2-year-old who is not interested in potty training, a 6-year-old who wets the bed, or a moody teenager.
There are many things parents have to do around the house, work, ferrying children to and from activities, checking their mobiles and Facebook, watching TV etc. etc. Children need at least 15 minutes of our undivided attention a day. Totally devoted to them. It is important that they know they have the opportunity to talk about anything that bothers them daily when they are ready. To learn how to play with others, they need parents to play with them. Parenting requires listening to them and helping them understand their world and how things work. It is important that parents prioritize their children instead of watching television or their mobile devices or thinking about the other things they could be doing while they talk or play with them.
Parenting is an easy job or task to do. However, being a parent is very complicated. It can get tricky when you are the parent of multiple children with an extra workload. Parents aren't perfect, and there may be times when you wish you had done something different. Parenting isn't something that comes with the guidebook or is god-gifted.
I'm an atheist but if I was a dinner guest of practising Christians who wished to say grace, I'd sit quietly and respectfully, till it was done, as I would for rituals of other faiths whose adherents were kind enough to invite me round for a meal. It'd be the same if they wanted to do a low-key prayer round my house. My father's partner would do a little prayer to herself before eating, and I didn't even notice at first but was perfectly happy for a little pause to accommodate a kindly old lady's beliefs.
I am a regular guest at my neighbors Friday night Shabbat. They do the readings in Hebrew and we all stand during the readings and the pouring of the wine (grape juice). I am Christian but I respect their faith, and I am grateful to be included in their Sabbath dinner. We respect each others faith but we come together in friendship and enjoy each other's traditions. Saying grace in your home isn't an attempt to convert your friend. If they're uncomfortable with your traditions then they'll pass on future invitations. Do not denounce your faith for non-believers.
I’m an atheist. If the people I am dining with, in their own home, want to say grace then I bow my head while they do so and murmur Amen at the end. I do this because I was bought up to have good manners and disrespecting someone’s religion is bad manners, particularly in their own home.
